2018-01-10
—
plane to lisbon.
right now you are (broad broad broad) 24 years old. sitting on dark plane, screen tilted, dimmed, writing. blasting kendrick and thinking of last summer. right now you are: 24.5 years old, living alone. your social life contained. a girlfriend - beautiful, grounded, smart. semi-fit. concerned with your appearance, the length of your face. friends are scattered, different, thoughtful, beautiful. style is better. you are a designer. a decent one, but not a great one. you are: somewhat talented at your job given the constraints (age , lack of experience). you are: feeling more close to family. you are: pierced, on both ears. you are: okay with your body, mostly. you are: thinking of aging. you are: less afraid of self-categorization. less afraid of you.
first hour, drifting drifting, tim hecker, drifting into sleep.
next 30 - rereading neuromancer (because, forgetting since it has taken me too long). much more enjoyable on reread. the environment making sense.
2 glasses of wine. awake despite no coffee. well 2 matcha.
matcha, today, at nine bar. prior to trip, looking up: spain. things to do. neighborhoods. alternative things. things.
lady clumsily bumping into headphone while walking by. and then noticing:: she has neck brace. the nth lesson in withhold judgment.
now - damn, kendrick playing. last summer flooding in memory. listening to damn on headphones near charles / mgh station. 'fear' playing. windy. not recalling hanging out, laughing, or any sort of concrete action. just the mental state i was in while listening. not easily described with words at my disposal. something like: living, carefree, grounded. energy is outward. feeling environment, absorbing taking engaging. energy spilling. less controlled. take it. you, have it. i don't care. take it.
other songs in album evoking this same feeling, though with less clarity.
and now, energy limited, contained. deliberate. an entity that requires thought to release. comes out on its own, but only when many factors constructively interering.
on the airplane, time feeling slower, beats slower, linger. the background in 'element'. the bass dropping slower. can pull it all apart.
'humble'. coming out before summer. but seeing the video. and feeling that mmph. 3x plays, bopping, ugh ugh.
'loyalty'. outside at some park. mystic park or something. with: eric, ahmed, siavash, arash. bumping out of the bluetooth speakers. smoking elevated, near the rocks. watching the kids. mush of conversation - easy, heartfelt - as i'm jamming.
'love'. simple and catchy, but from kendrick. questioning the indie in me.
'blood'. high, in my room, with arash, adam, siavash. blasting blasting the album for the first time. others drifting into sleep. cut to: describing album release party to alisse.
alisse: is an observer.
alisse: i'm okay with your mood swings. just how you express your emotions. think she means it.
be honest with yourself.
a sudden bout of - reflection - lately.
spill ooze ooze
brain__spill.
in logan. eating at generic healthy fast food place. as if mottos were generalized, copied from something, somewhere. and seeing that all workers there are 3arab.
receiving the 'chicken chopstick bowl' (no chopsticks included, or available). mishearing the hijabi handing food to me. and self-conscious, the 'am i real arab' thoughts surfacing. coupled with: a thank you / shukran mumble.
knowing your limitations: is what is needed for success really. because: world is replete with resources (to learn or do). i just need to know what i need. i need to know what i'm poorly. the thought prompted by early days as designer. got a lot of direction from nick. saying something like 'having trouble starting design language, plz help.
back to the involution design sessions. how do our designs compare? what's thoughtful about theirs? how did they deal with care plan? i suppose the same as ours.
care plans - biggest gap in new care mgmt features. needs to be: more condensed. task checklist will work maybe, if we make it easier to add new intervention. (just add the care plan restyle into 4.15, no approval needed). do what i need to make this good. add UX tickets. do it. be rogue. also: need a design sprint between 4.16 and 4.17.
*link to care plan review, directly from care plan page
*link to portions of care plan review from care plan page. like 'add note to goal'. hm.
*how can we actually train people to use this?
everybody (alisse especially) leaving boston prompting me to think of next step. next step. in my professional career. this is where i am.
feeling super thankful for job this week. partly after going on / ranting about how i'm lucky to have it, saturday night at saloon with alisse. but also: imagine i didn't get this. where i would be. at a company. slowly climbing the ranks. maybe a newly crowned senior analyst. maybe back in school doing CS. or at an okay design school. all to prep to get to: where i am now.
okay dangerous tendencies in relationship:
- always putting hanging with alisse over others. or: not fully committing to spreading out, getting into a chill session. lingering in the back of head: need to see alisse by end of night.
- not spending as much time doing the tangible things that i have discernment in / use as means of self-gratification. design projects.
- not writing
really: moving my vaidation from above to alisse. i suppose not terrible. like if we break up, a transition period where validation moves back to above? or maybe, entire self destroyed, dissolved.
nick like 'i trust you..well, i trust you now' when it comes to design. agreeing. like damn i really sucked. and still not a 'good desgner'. just a decent one, that can make something intuitive. but not beautiful. pleasant. work on that work on that.
nick: truly amazing at his job. but also: work and then sleep. how does he feel about this? what is his relationship with girlfriend like? does he talk of work developments?
bad work things. committing to loading goals, interventions, but erm not getting it done in time. and now leaving leaving. nick taking this well, on appearance. but me: not really apologizing. just like. no. this isn't gonna happen.
not smiling at people. reaching out. asking about their days. being social.
ambitions naturally change in winter, way more productive. it's true it's true.
recalling all the shitty stories i wrote in 'fiction i'. how can i get to be a better fiction writer?
and: conversation with yahya day before yesterday.
talking about: visa situation. yahya accepting that he will likely be immigrant for much of his life. asylum case in 1.5 years.
yahya - always speaking at a broad / philosphical / reflective level.
his progression with meditation. clarity
yahya's point that meditation brings you clarity, which grounds, you, makes you feel good. discussing a 'hypothetical' example - how do you deal with case in which you're unhappy about appearance? yahya echoing an idea that it's better to know that you're ugly? do i agree? the healthy, meditation-based process: okay, do looks prevent me from what i want to get? (success, girls, a: no?). do i actually look bad or is it just me?
spending 5 days in a row with alisse. all quite good. great sex the whole time. except last day. working, alisse keeping company. eating with her. not much to talk about but like relaxing and chilling and i think it's good? stretching, too. seeing how: good chilling isn't really sustainable though. spending more time will inevitably sacrifice the quality. what arises instead: a coexistence that can maybe be beautiful? or: you live together, but lead busy lives in which the respective selves of fulfilled irrespective of partner (douchey wording)
these thoughts leading me into marriage? can i / one / mostly i have an _actively_ happy marriage. yes underscore = italics.
feeling like i'm less idealistic. (don't say that, don't say that).
getting ride with alisse to airport. a quickie, prior to leaving.


2018-01-19
—
phrases

—
caught in the loop
escape the loop
my goal
my life is just wanting to escape the loop
like make a nice loop, and then escape it
or
parameterize
a loop with variables
opportunities to exist
re-enter
re-enter a slightly different loop
—
my loops are good. work, gym, friends etc
the underlying structure / what i miss as result is danger. we have to keep loops. so like above is the approach needed for fulfilling life.
—
podcast today about bubbles. getting caught in a bubble. guy in sf with prestigious job feeling trapped by his beautiful life.
the structure of our lives determines who we are.
a terrifying thought.
for someone whose self worth is predicated on: turbulence, creativity, and originality.
my approach to exiting the bubble is..?
—
lately, hearing myself more often
this is a bad thing
—
same as lately, lately, checking myself in every mirror and combination / permutation of self.
like. seeking truth in aesthetics through exposure.
but maybe that’s not the right approach
getting nowhere
believing that others think i’m cute
but why
my face is long it’s still long
can we take the features and restructure?
but no a couple days this week sort of liking face.
—
feeling less the tangibility of money
—
lately the glow of screen, the small red number with notifications - addictive
—
yesterday: presenting care management stuff to bidco. of course, not going to use most features in near future. but direction is right. affirming as designer. my innovation (though simple) - the care plan review form is what’s important. just need to ensure that design gaps are filled.
leaving. and seeing myself, from career perspective.
getting ready (searching everywhere for wallet). and then a text from alisse like: can you figure out dates wanna book hawaii if necessary now. then: actually tentative plan is to be in hawaii can do something in between family trip. going off to get drinks for kelly evan’s goodbye, texts lightly lingering in my head. talking with uber driver about his career. machinist. now uber driver. immigrated age 10. 30 now. colombian. hard worker. at bar. texts lingering, anyway, but not too bothered. alisse still seems keen to travel, but has just booked lots. then: grasping that she is booked like end march on. and that she’s not like really inviting me. and that she’s gone soon. but mostly, that she’s not responding to passive aggressive messages.
kelly (o’brine) noticing my look before leaving. and talking through everything with me. clear, i guess, that i want to stay with alisse. but for her. or for ego?
talking to kelly but also just studying her face and her pupillary distance and oh okay i guess it’s attractive even though narrow like mine
—
new porches album = perfect for mood
—
good things with alisse. dinner with her and vira wednesday. chatting chatting good whatever cool normal. then vira leaving. good sex & hangout. alisse looking at me in my eyes. deeply. i feel close. asking me to make plans to travel in may. okay. she really likes me.
today though. not sleeping. loop / frustration with alisse her not caring. bad mood all day. face looks bad. things are not interesting. eating pretzels. can i just do more checklist items?
—
okay
going to talk to alisse
about travels
right right
but probably also more than travels because march she leaves leaves
so: do we want to stay together?
well
no
okay
first, the travel things.
- i’m upset you invited me to travel, gave me an ultimatum, and then closed ultimatum (okay i’m just gonna go to hawaii). increasingly exclusionary. is this just like being casual and noncommittal or just non enthusiastic about traveling with me.
- why did you decide hawaii before family trip if it’s more expensive?
- you should be more inviting if you really want me. you left no room to speculate with me. it’s all: if you wanted to plan something can fit you in.
but okay this is more than travel:
- this is the first indication (in my eyes) that you care about me (why haven’t you told me still that you like me?)
- also: you’re gone, effectively, from end march. and then your lease ends in jun. and that sucks and it’s upsetting.
next year
- i feel so close and intimate with you. in tune. physically, emotionally. like: i feel passionate about you romantically. but also practically. i think i can grow with you.
= now me, now. thinking about career this past week. the exposure i have is incredible. i still have lots of room to grow (1-2 years). realistically, i think, i want to stay here at least 1 more year.
- i haven’t weighed these two things together. partly because i wanna know where you’re at. but. i want to explore being with you.
okay. really, probably, what is driving my mood is a fear that alisse does not want to stay with me.
but what if she doesn’t want this?

2/1

mama’s bday. a call in the morning, on drive home. making cookie’s for kiddies. baba at beach with friends. nothing for mom planned. her bday not a bday. ‘how did you know it was my bday?’. i remembered mama. i remember.

this, after morning with alisse. sad face at my leaving to gym so quickly? but then - not mobilizing quickly enough. and so not able to make gym. alisse like: you should have gone. but honestly not phased. maybe like happy she wants me there.

don’t let yourself dissolve into relationship ether. less: gym, projects, me. but only 1.5 months of alisse. so whatever.

last night a bday day for alisse. in meeting: rhoda talking about her research is low priority. contradicting previous guidance and making alisse feel useless. (a talk, saturday, when may was here, about how alisse wanted explicit support twice: once when telling me she needs hug/had really bad day, and other time, when telling about sexual assault. me, draining support from her like all the time.) so had to show support. tasty momo with alisse for dinner. cuddling with her + cat momo for a while. talking about things things good sex falling asleep cuddling waking brushing teeth back to sleep up again hey cutie hey girl i really like you i wake up to you i like to wake up to you.

now, kamasi washington playing. a mini yoga session now. a gym session in the morning. i need the gym.

my face long. these glasses make them longer, maybe. i don’t know. but my face is long it’s true and it’s factual. a comment by alisse. how my face made my hair look long. and then: morgan comparing to me ‘some guy in friend’s band, a doppelgänger’, who, it turns out is simon rodrigues. and like: i’m okay with that / i get it. but a bit about how his face is ‘a little wider’. they see. they see my narrow face. how does anyone like this face. and: exposing to alisse all these insecurities. because, during sex, thinking she’s not feeling it, when she totally was, and really just channeling my insecurities.

but no your face is okay some people think you’re cute?

how many selfies / mirror stares to grow fond of face? so far in the hundreds, maybe thousands?

2018-03-17
—
waking, baking - pancake crepe like concoction called ? can’t remember
(dutch baby)

now, freshly dropped off iphone at ups. for le summer.
missing summer’s bday by..4 days. damn. hardly calling family lately, in an alisse bubble.

alisse - getting the groceries, cooking, making everything. a good one.

love sucking up me and all of me. a restlessness/itch to be productive and do things.

thinking how to restructure site. new categorization. show scales.

color by depth? or outline
include tag sorting

cm dashboard (datavis)
referral dashboard (datives) **
hospital quality (datavis)
referral interactive (datavis)
thesis * (product)
static posters (ehr, referral, quality, bubbles, risk) (datavis)
referral app (ux / product)
> explain design process
care management * (ux/product)
>
blackbox (ux/product)
a weird sort of art project in which i attempt to categorize myself, use this as means to develop of method of quickly digging deep.

oh more on dis shit
like refactor website, few different layouts with mini visual
explain each product with design decisions

other work at arcadia :
other: narrative research table

high and distracted from everything - but by curiosity

new evernote like way improved design

thinking about tech tech tech digital things
ego things like: looking at my first site and like hey this is actually a decent piece of web design. and then me and how like maybe i’m charming? flatter myself when high

wow this week cannot stop working thinking about work tech tech somehow not too saturated like frustrated but not too saturated

work busy busy. like waves of work sprouting. and i have to surf them all, while maintaining a straight direction

when all music sounding too familiar, diiv good

a weird moment and looking at my hand like whoa these are my hands

sticky notes as a self portrait

behavior stream: no coffee, lots of sleep. sharp, grounded, level. productive. but idk 2 normal?
thoughts: hm. i don’t know. a bad thing? work and alisse. weird dreams. and how my world is narrow. today walking outside like oh wow that was exciting. 10 min walk. convo with may yesterday: a quarter life crisis. so maybe that.
thinking a lot of design and ux and tech.

is loving yourself kind of a romantic thing?

looking at my site like i violated rules of padding and spacing and stuff was unrestrained because i didn’t know standards and i guess i can see benefit in some ways

and a break to watch porn while listening to diiv

3/24

how will i actually text parse all dis i don’t get it.
last night quite tipsy today not hungover tho
initially stupor of thought drifting through work work work
secondary just like jerk off who should i think of i think alisse da best even in dreams

okay up this morning and apartment perfectly clean, perfectly quiet. naked. let’s be naked. crystal castles, first thing. okay that was cool but let’s shift day a bit.

fucked up fantasies = should i even write ? people close committing suicide, unexpectedly.

yesterday work - surprise - you need to go to bidco! positive actually, patient identification algorithms super cool / this care management stuff doe. meeting in many directions, but like dats how it is.
last nite company party tho. last 30 min - everyone getting down. ali, some rudimentary breakdancing. sharing - best time at arcadia, right there. drinks after. personal conversation with morgan, throughout most of it. ride home - amrit talking about complications with ex.

okay need to write because lately like just riding the waves and doing and not sure - not sure exactly if i’m retaining in control. like these podcasts. listen to them - then what? this track changes one - about dynamic land. well really interview with creative engineer / designer — eventually goes on to start a computing space that doesn’t involve computers. like actually physical. will read bout it now. okay nvm actually following up so i guess retaining. but should at least just write down titles and a couple sentences. like a new list - podcasts listened to. then this longform interview with nitasha tiku - wired editor. article about thrill clit cult. sf branded movement for orgasmic meditation. tons o profit.okay nvm actually retaining. but those invisibilia, 99pi stories sometimes a whirr of narrative rapture. and like those silly track changes

media. new music. where it at. not here. sir. no. young fathers album, against all logic, pretty good.

dressing well - totally a design problem. kind of have the permutations in wardrobe figured out.

okay design thoughts i’m a designer i have a product have to make it super cool cool cool. what if the accent color was generative for no reason? okay we need second accent of orange, probably. like used for navigation. other places? we need pages for documentation.
so much day no obligations what 2 do..too many possibilities. like reading interactive pudding datavis articles. redesign website. specs / designs for applications.
after reading this article jose linked - thinking about different types of web design. where i’ve fallen. how there’s like interaction design and then just layout. need to start explaining myself better.

oh this weekend like def have to plan alisses’ bday. a letter. a website. website is good. i mean it’s good good. trips, concerts, tix, etc just whatever.

the problem is: i don’t know what i want - or more deeply, i don’t believe in knowing what i want.

in that mood like too much to do and have energy but like ah i wanna do things but also maybe i should like organize all my notes and things and not continue to spill everywhere.

not routine def good. sleep, no coffee, steady productive work mon wed thu. then thu night, smoke. fri, coffee. ideas spilling. mood up down up. on ride back - invisibilia podcast, listening to guy talk about his relationship to family. becoming close with older woman. and me - almost crying for a second. don’t get the emotions.

ready to embark on creative journey.

2018-04-07
—
hi today is

2 am
today is peanut butter waiting toasting because good for hangover (?) but bad for throat but mostly good for addiction and/or yummy
today is
self awareness
meeting with vira
bright lights in the kitchen
talking about things. work. preparing. and a parallel conversation of - what kind of drink can we put together with these miscellaneous leftovers? whiskey cider, the best. all others (triple sec cranberry) bad.
martin - talking about work. and interesting / context - context is interesting but then ugh let’s stop talking about it and so we move on
two lines of blow
into middlesex dancing hard hard hard. actual hip hop night. aina, casey’s cute friend from catalan who he offended 5 years ago.
friday night is frantic cleaning because saturday morning is waking up. the rationale, really?
hard to get weed these days
weirdness at club: dudes standing, solid, staring (like dance or something) and other dude creeping, apparently grabbing vira’s ass. anger. awake, loose, fight?
earlier today so much work drama n work things
time 2
watch atlanta

3p

the best time to reflect is when you do not have space, solitude? because then you are empty, reflections become reality. so like a lack of mental space = distance from memories. objectivity?
an attempted 3araby coffee latte type of thing, but with almond milk. a little watery.
a little sunlight, a little happiness
major multi-tasking. or fragmentation. 1 atlanta episode, many breaks: chicken cooked, rice cooked, coffee made (accompanying snickerdoodle), dishes done.
not really hungover or anything despite coke + tipsy last night
razor focused zone - doing painful work like loading amita data, cleaning up CM scripts to make them generalizable across clients.
car to wash, self to coffee shop. forge. parents. white parents, mostly. 9:30a but very busy. tunnel vision/thoughts. entering, cappuccino (eh), work, leaving.
alisse..

4/10

yesterday like does ego or love give me boners or is it like a combo idk
now dinner khababees. some leftovers. a carrot. bread, pesto halloumi. nibbling at chicken. wheat thins.
referral app issues work like zoned in and that

feedback loops. i think. i know. everything with alisse great. talking to family making me feel distance to alisse and then like omg what am i doing how am i going to sustain this let me pull away and look i am less cuddly see i am less cuddly!! mainly the lack of cuddliness the worry. visceral real manifestation. but of course - thoughts manifest in real way. i am fine and we are good and we are great and i am - in love.

4/25

dumb article title of the day: standing up at your desk can make you smarter.
leave the clothes, bag on the floor. because mess is texture, brain wants texture. or needs texture today. today too flat. another day another day.
day flat mind dull but - mind also racing. so maybe maybe not dull. i don’t know.
speakers, descend to me
work work work do do coordinate spreadsheet check uncheck write down follow-up. follow up. today. beauracracy’s biggest opponent. oh also hearing from meucci how i didn’t fuck this project up. he should reviewed brd/trd. i don’t know.
browsing jobs like and like it’s basically PM or designer. but maybe can be a hybrid at some places. i don’t know can i rly find better job.
baba’s bday happy bday baba. shit where i been who i am what a son
ricky eat acid beautiful
hello panda, in my teeth. scour for more in an empty bag.

oh alisse think about that girl a lot

restlessness, dissolve
please

4/30

picturing a sad disposition very literally. like this gravitational force pulling lips down.
to me to me, that’s what it is. because i’m good now and things are good but there’s a lingering disposition.

a couple hits of joint. just a couple. but enough to feel heavy eyes. a debate internally - smoke or not? sometimes, smoking at night a sort of self-prescribed medication for the mundane.

new forth wanderers. listening in car. lo-fi rock, the time, state of mind, in which i super dug it. but also that feeling it gives me. tingles.

obsessing over comment may made when we went out saturday - how i farted super loudly, selena and her would text about it. a weighty embarrassment, forcing a smile. muscles not wanting the smile. and then like: oh i’m saying that cause you know you it wasn’t a big deal it’s chill. it’s chill to - you, someone making fun of me behind my back? yea it is chill in that situation, most of the time. embarrassing me in front of jesse like that. and also the personality implications of being bottled up.
(the context - talking aboutt bidet/poops - farts - openness about that in a relationship).
and maybe adding self-improvement advice in there for her to show i’m not the only flawed one.
lots of time afterwards, me explaining how that was hurtful. in a cutting, rational, emotionally aware sort of way.
okay i thought about that way too many times like 100x
not super weighing on me but a thing to think about. and then weighing on me maybe.
(a tweet. today - inspired by mira gonzalez to tweet)

how jesse talked about how she was doing lots of work and then moved to big company and actually just realized she was not doing thing right and that quality was just lower (even though she had way more responsibility)

today listening to podcast on which woman describes herself as shy, anxious - but also, has online presence being super self-effacing and embarrassing. how this, for her, serves as defense mechanism. because any criticism is unsurprising if you tear yourself apart. can relate.

a sudden momentum to switch to spotify

giving thoughts legitimacy. a tricky thing to think about.

quite horny these days. weird. not even caffeine. or happiness bursting or anything. penis just want it.

missing alisse a lot. okay i do really love her.
the practicality of love, thinking about it a lot lately. today, the two weeks ago thought stream of - should i even stay w alisse not arab/muslim who am i / identity / family all that - so foreign and like oh i’m me doing me what else chill don’t think 2 hard.
supposed to write lots about that lately
oscillating a bit between: this girl is amazing and grounded and perfect on the important things vs where is my weird slightly destructive artsy romance. the latter - stupid. i think.

how you can overthink ui when you’re designing because so many tis just like okay

this sudden realization that i talk a certain way, repeat certain phrases, things.

thinking a lot about application headers
okay sudden inspiration to redesign header. done. best version yet.

letting work fill the void friendships. dangerous?

forth wanderers sound 2 good

lunch with abhi me not present just like wowzie staring and occasionally listening super intensely then just wandering

eating too fast lately all the sort of obsessive behaviors popping up. goal: kill these before hawaii, so i can enjoy travel trip me etc.

5-6

sink, i think, dripping

looking at stowe places. lira’s rec.
mornings: today, yesterday, lately, tea & foam roll, breakfast. oh and cleaning up.

day beautiful

thinking: i really should go to grad school. reasons not to = can just do stuff on my own (yes, true, but won’t be in the presence of creative weirdo smarties), no moneys (that’s okay), over qualification (that’s real). but really: master’s not worth it, unless lots of funding (the ideal)

super extremely horny yesterday like wake up from nap and bursting, need to do this before picking up guru the caterer.

this thought, weighing on me of: structured social interactions. dominate life moving forward. like i know this / knew this. but: internalizing, observing this now. because: casey, eric, vira leaving. no parties / crazy last nights out / etc etc. partly the atmosphere of this city maybe too. well no, don’t blame the city. but: incredibly sad.

looking up: above knee pain, behind knee pain.

when high today: thoughts for the twitter. but, did not write down.

easing restless yesterday. bike ride, hike, chilling outside with vira. euphoria. beautiful day. bike bike. ‘you bike like you drive’. hills. oof. wandering. a snake, running. snacks, joint, settling into the rock. chickpea collage, trader joe’s snacks spilling. not recalling what, exactly, but scattered, fun thoughts. ones for the insta. how talking about other people is a way to bond, get closer with the person you’re around.


routine makes me sad. happiness is possibility.

2018-05-11
—


friday (5-11)
---
list
-6am flight
-short layover > next flight
-mainly: sleeping, reading neuromancer. a little restless like ‘are we there yet’?
-3p, alisse scoop !
-a snack at banan! frozen banana wow. alisse, acai. me: choco crunch monster. bird with stump for a foot.
-off to cromwell’s beach. took off shirt, alisse joining.
-lei upon entrance! meeting, family, truffles! lil photo.
-dinner at susie’s. ‘networked’.
-everyone is super nice here.
-home, good sex, good sleep.

annotations

6am flight. easy to wake because hawaiii.
getting in like 3pm. alisse pulling up. a lil awkward (i mean not like actual awkward just like hey cutie haven’t seen you in a while). within 1 hour: at beach, shirt off. well wait no first. stopping by banan. like frozen yogurt except straight banana. acai bowls too. sunny, eating in little parking lot with makeshift outdoor seating. wow. then then: beach, shirt off already. talking about things things to alisse. eventually: topic of exes somehow coming up, how her and jake on good terms. and me like weird: asking, do you get jealous? like no. talking a lil bit about how i am close/personal when talking to people, seems like i’m flirting. things things. watching beach. people around me. barefoot walk to car, it’s okay.
drive home. suitcases in hand. not sure what do with hands, self. awk awk. hug alisses’ mom, shake alisses’ dad’s hand. aliases’ mom adorning me with lei. too cute. not sure what conversation was like. small talky. flight okay. a lil tired. ya3ne ya3ne.
and then: walking to dinner at susie’s. opting for sneakers, others like wha no flip flop? need to transform him to hawaiian boy. at susie’s, sitting outside near beach. some fruit on the table. aliases’ dad, me, alisse, sitting. others milling about. joining us: eileen, husband, and amy (nurse / IT trainer / used to be nurse and flight attendant). quiet through most of dinner. a sidebar conversation about healthcare IT with amy. talking just a little bit about myself (work) to group. walking back, truffles waiting for me to join group. alisse looking at me, smiling.
get home. attempting sex on bed (too creaky) - moving to couch. hot, heavy.
—> what’s playing behind quietness? really just awkward, shy. and a little like whoa real commitment.

saturday (5-12)
---
list
-breakfast: alisses’ mom cooking french toast! going up, chatting before alisse comes down.
-deciding: go to makapu’u tidepools, and then beach nearby. a mini hike in makapu’u (beautiful) - down the cliff, ocean, mountain, lighthouse in distance. giant wave. and then tide pools. otherworldly. hopping tidepools
-contacts falling out, getting a little late, hungry. ridding of contact as we walk away.
-first real poke! spicy ahi w/ brown rice! yum! poke crunch bowl (some teriyaki sauce and little crunchies). i get it.
-malasadas too!
-thai food @ nite
-westworld at night. a little sleepy sleepy. fell asleep in last 5 minutes. i think back up for sexy time then sleep.

annotations
morning like: wake up, wake up, french toast no makeup.
at tidepools. pretty & beautiful and enjoying it, quietly, but not like bam bam wow so excited! and when contact falling out, getting a little grumpy. not like directed towards alisse just like eh ready to go. i think tho mostly in a good mood. mood evaluation. hopping pools. starting first in a tiny one, moving to larger once it cleared out. waves, sprinkles nearby. and then, off to to the edge. a tide pool with a bunch of
we got poke
conversation at night about sex / sex partners / you the best.
—> happy, having fun - but not as much as i should have. lack of presence attributed to statement about weed lube / jealousy with sex.

sunday
---
-making breakfast for raccine. two dutch babies!
-safeway first. friendly cashier (oh don’t worry about item limit, we’re jamming). then foodland for lube.
-manoa falls! the opening, absolutely amazing. and can also go up close to the waterfall. swung on the tree.
-attempt to go to fish market, closed because mama’s day
-waiola’s shave ice stop! man who has known alisse for 20 years, looks the same, asks about her. me: rainbow flavor: vanilla, banana, strawberry. alisse: lilikoi, strawberry. mochi balls on the bottom, condensed milk on the top. alisse blending into the wall in the photo.
-waikiki (kind of busy touristy beachy boojy area). scouring for parking - zoo initially, then parking. jumping in the water because so beautiful. alisse encouraging me to play.
-walking past beaches to shops. giant tree in shopping area. sat at bench for like 5 min and observed.
-back to house by 4:30 for early mother’s day dinn.
-dinner with the whole family (mom’s side). grandma, uncle curtis, aunt gail & husband glen, cousin. quiet, slow. calming. shrimp tempura, tofu katsu, soba noodles w/ spiraled veggies, sushi, brussel sprouts (alisse making while i shower), fruit salad, white rice. strawberry apple blueberry crisp.
-alisse & me: doing dishes, cleaning.
-another westworld at nite. another bang.

annotations.
a little smile from alisse at the dinner — seeing me with her family.
—> i think, fairly present throughout the day.

monday
--
list
-leftovers. i secretly had some some of the crisp (alisse seeing my spoon as evidence).
-let’s go on a hike. wanting a hard, hardcore hike.
-cloudy at the top, but beautiful.
-china wall for sunset. breathtaking.
-mochiko tofu for dinner. helping cook a little before, going and coming, eating with alisse’s mom.
