2017-01-07
—
danny brown mood lately.

afraid - truly afraid - to remove my coat, in what may be, actually, a lukewarm room.
(^ some sort of ‘insight’ in the morning)
working. like i suppose not that productively and quite slowly but maybe this shit takes a while? no just slow. ui not that resolved but like a skeleton that’s k rite.

caught up, drawn in by danny brown’s music today. spurring strong thoughts and emotions. lyrics.

feeling.

true ego is watching yourself watch something and thinking about you should enjoy it.
getting fucked up. alone. many phone checks and no digital connections either.

when am i going to do that like thought visual thing.
and this morning dominating thoughts is an imagined conversation in which i convey i should be an associate product manager and not a product analyst. institutionalized?

entertaining - aidan’s barista blog.

new winter sounds: shoveling. snow, and how it absorbs sound. beautiful.

yes i’m drinking whiskey and smoking in my room late at night having not seen anyone this weekend. so what.

super ADD danny brown, writing listening then like 5 minute ableton tim hacker danny brown (not) mixing and now, just listening, writing.
feeling just super existential lately.
lots of thoughts of like tanya maybe. weird.

thinking lots about mortality lately. makes me feel insignificant. like how how, once you’re sick. nothing matters. you accomplishments, life, becomes narrative.

2017-01-13
—
Repeating the phrase - overflow: auto in my head.

wow 2 much coding one night up all night

Too much self respect: One of those people who - does not just run to catch fleeting train, but runs toward the end, where he can find a seat.

1/14

‘i need to write i need to write’ culminating in - narrow corridor, laptop in front of me. simon’s shop. now and here: red, yellow, black walls. charming patterned ceiling. an edgy looking barista who doesn’t give eye contact. sleeveless pink shirt, flower tats, lip piercing. and a mild mannered one processing orders. a fellow long faced fellow. bookish, yellow sweater, round wired glasses. struggling to conjure her name - working with, starts with m, and pulling, making mental sounds to arrive at marls. business going on behind. here, calm, present. a cute girl, red beanie, head leaning against the wall. the chatter here is subdued. does not surround the space, oscillate in crazy waves. minor fluctuations, no piercings. the chatter. what’s the chatter of this place like?

biking here, keith haring socks (=gloves) on my hand. first time in 1 month + biking. hard, good. things. thinking, while weaving through parking lot, slipping in through narrow gap between speed bump and parked cards: continue to challenge self physically mentally until i die. never be comfortable.

leaving work & usual, friday night, overcome by the urge to get fucked up

siavash’s friend mike (born in hawaii, cali kid) coming in this morning to pick up bag. talking about his switch to 4-6 hours of sleep per night. usually 4.5. mama. seems amazing but like maybe his low has become him. and now, pointlessly googling ‘6 hours of sleep per night’.
last night. with pete and mike, for ramen. in davis. wayfarers, ball breakers. this joking demeanor where they sort of shake side to side and excude this fake confidence. hm. not one i’m familiar with, but combines other societal memes n themes i guess. talking about saudi & oil compound life. and pete’s visit to royal family wedding in abu dhabi? wow. trying on siavash’s ring. not much formality in work interactions though i see. don’t feel the work veil/barrier. after, picking up alcohol / lingering in the store. thinking to late friday conversation at work (spurred by toast to jeff joining team). raving about a certain liquor store. interpreting this as wow you guys are proudly institutionalized. or maybe not. just love alcohol. but weird. drinking & alcohol making me realize how people really like things mainly for cultural currency.
(and thinking - how quickly they moved jeff to product. or maybe this has been in discussion for a while, don’t really know.)

comments in passing indicating siavash has talked about me - super nice. feels good. like pete: i hear you have quite the stretching routine. siavash: i think you need to get a book if you do it that much. era yes but that’s when it ceases to be relaxation and body exploration and another organized activity.

have you done any adult extracurriculars / organized activities? asking the group at party yesterday. cute nora, .. guy - red head, round glasses, tall, soft spoken, and and girl..shorter, engaging face, bright eyes, doing nonprofit financial counseling after investment banking. er them. < truly i’m not better than d-bags who just go to parties solely to hit on girls. nora, my height maybe. or our height. i like plural for us in this journal. it’s us right? the answer from nora: no. not really. sign up for something, then just end up surfing the internet. the others, same thing.
with the group, talking about
romance
arranged marriange
these topics these topics the modern topics
grandparents love story
talking to nora for..a long time. at least an hour. conversation a stream. at some point the other two in the group breaking off? or maybe her in the middle of a story i paid attention to? hm. i don’t really know. stories of: her time in china. skiing experiences. taking a crazy hill on ski bikes. making the jump and eating shit while celebrating. monster drinking half brother. arizona.
incredibly articulate. going into detailed stories that would seem self-indulgent if not well told & actually relevant to the point we’re talking about. always explicitly related.
questions like
where do you see yourself? taking the question literally and answering mainly in terms of place. like how i don’t feel like i’m from somewhere. should have said my whole ‘home is a collection of experiences’ type thing. my experiences are scattered, and i can engage with pieces and it makes me feel great.
what are you 3 words to describe your essence?
what’s your narrative?
a pomegranate her answer. mine: divergent. how i’m lagging behind myself, making sense of streams of thought.
narrative is essentially collection of experiences
... this thread of conversation - the same one i’ve visited in depth with tanya, and touched on just once with adam. defining oneself. her explaining this whole collection of thoughts in elegant, concise way. like wow. her a level in the hierarchy above me and me above tanya. as in - me more clarity than tanya in this topic (her just starting to get into this train of thought) and her even more even more).
and like wow hey i super feel what you’re saying. sometimes when i agree i agree really really hard but then i say that i agree really hard and she doesn’t get that i agree really hard. but then maybe she got that i agreed really hard, saying ‘i feel like we’re on some shit’. or something like that, to communicate that we were really emotionally related and a fundamental and emotional level. or that’s what i think.
(next day, a text like - oo did i commit to basketball :/? and like no it’s chilling obviously was just flirting with you. can we hang out instead? she’s like yea sounds good! but like i only believe it if there’s a smiley face.)

less notable things: pete and mike like super wanting to go hard in traditional sense. drinking monster, and - actually stopping uber on the way back to house to get red cups for beer pong. luckily, a ball not in the house, so no pong. just tunes instead, catering to crowd. siavash, as usual, ‘why haven’t you shown me this. like dude i can’t show everything. dvsn, i can vibe with that.

a weird moment this morning when i’m running to the subway and just miss alewife, and i swear i swear someone from behind says ‘oo close’. and i turn around, smile, make a comment - but but it appears the two just talking to each other and i made up this comment and like headphones on, anyway, so would i have heard a comment? hint of crazy. just a hint.

i’m ballin now..just like kobe

now in a mood where everything i write is like yea of course i know that why am i writing that this is so silly because like it’s me and yes i know be more vague or artsy or something

earlier (wednesday) shopping for boots and frye vs timberland who am i i’m timberland. deep at the time. the usual self interview questions maybe on a fake date or really just to appease ego or just because i’m lonely: what are your biggest fears? my answer now. becoming institutionalized. losing my culture.

hey i feel weird about others touching my laptop now it’s so personal not sure why tho..

last night maybe typing writing but like actually my hands are just tired.

now in a mood in a rhythm where i can work weekends.

talking to fam for a while. summer and hot air balloon, yousuf and new book. in depth with baba about promotion stuff, siavash walking in on conversation and feeling embarrassed because talking about money and things and uh i’m not corporate but actually i super am.

2017-01-18
—
At work.
Fresh monitors, courtesy of Franklin. Many thanks.

Meetings all day and thinking thinking god I need people to take me seriously and ask my opinion so I can be a real ass product manager.
Need to be taken seriously need to be taken seriously

Today the perspective I carry that these people (leadership) not crazy geniuses but like just hear enough things and sort of choose things. Like roadmap somehow seeming straightforward to me. But really, know that's it's complex.

Client dependency - sign off from clients to ask them to take a feature if we're delivering.

How climbing hierarchy, initially, takes a lot of imagination and initiative. But later, by virtue of receiving exclusive info, you become the only person who can make decisions.

Better each day at forcing myself to work at home / after work. Not much improvement in workplace productivity.

Accidentally sitting in on meeting that's above my pay grade really..woops.
What do people think of me?
Actualizing visualizing the things I need to do to ascend.

Visualizing a new design approach to working: putting out highly interactive prototypes for clients. Also: really no use for rivers agile? Just to have..
--

At home: productive working. Translating care plan to d3.
Then vash back. Smoking, listening to his latest work. Dope fresh, good material for set. Criticism of, bring that delicate sound in after the guitar, not at the same time.

1/20

Inauguration Day

Last night, clubbing as promised. Middlesex. Anthropological. Where nerds go to party. Some attractive people tho..

Waking up today like gym or sleep? Gym, on 5 hour sleep.
This morning gym. Shuffling through, but brain isn't scattered. Maybe just sort of apathetic. Feeling weird weird about body, out of shape etc and pains in shins and knees and also do I breath right maybe I should check all these things out.

I like the train station.

This conversation with nick about role playing over and over need to get it outta my head.

Brain space focused on authority

Last night s conversation with boys about: Adam deciding to do med school, and overall, how approaching life through lens of creating narrative is tricky.
Oh and also holding on to good moments and really letting them carry into your life. Me and Adam both thinking about this. Adam: overall, a better, more optimistic outlook to ensure that med school apps go through.

For breakfast mainly just peanut butter

Is writing creating a narrative and is that a problem? I don't think so.

Care plan card / ui through d3


First product analyst is data science to inform strategy in large scale companies
Second is a market research role that overlaps. Includes writing requirements, meeting with stakeholders. Does not include any engineering interaction. Includes sales forecasts and monitoring of success. No design, just specs. Design and engineering. Resolve conflicts on cost and manufacturing. Go to pros analyst to make it clear.
Different from what I'm doing, and a different career path. Monitor product and recommend changes to strategy. Keep product dev aligned
Getting the intel, make rec. then monitor and continue to make recs. Third party role that is not incentivized in the same way product managers are.
Training
Internal argument:

1/24

Forfeiting work around 10. And smoking a small J with Adam vash. Mourning the us: plan for wall, new israeli settlements, Mexican wall, arts funding cut off..

And then, how to breath, breath as the basic unit of life. Vash repeating the words of this yoga sassy old preacher dude. My feelings: half fascination, half skepticism, eye rolling - like ugh such a yogi meditator type. But ignore, focus on the words.


1/28

yesterday an uber everywhere type day
morning groggy smoking drinking things
diesel, in the working persons corner. bright lights. the curated grunge.

hey this diesel coffee (4 dollar drip) actually good but still dbags

lately the himss posters. a whole day to work alone. at some point, validation from gleeson and nick for liking my incredibly stupid poster. the radial explosion in lieu of simply stacked bars. only advantage: many points = interactive = narrative driven. can this be on my website? like. maybe maybe. showing siavash later and again, feeling incredibly stupid, like this was huge waste of time. but i guess visually an accomplishment. migrating bubbles and looking to start something new. what now what next i need to dominate.
what to work on now now want to start scraping at something new - back to the referral routes.

at company party yesterday and it's weird and strange and draining me of energy. like running into greg and complimenting my tie and like how are you i know you're good so what the fuck do i say, erm did you leave the kids at home? or stupid fact based thing like how long you been here or spiffy or this is nice or something that all sucks. so i get a drink.

talking (connecting too) you could say with kelly evans about this very thing - escaping (mentally, or situation) to get a drink. how she quit drinking for a year to be able to handle these situations.
deal with social anxiety. talking, socializing, with kelly who i don't know super well - about social anxiety. 'if only we could make a formal agreement that being quiet is not awkward, that we don't need to talk'. & also, the dread of a conversation ending. how it's going to end. and of course, thinking all those things about this very conversation.

interrupted my mike simon and wife. his wife, down to earth and engaging. but having to stay on treadmill of conversation, because, next to us, kelly and michael carrying conversation for a little while. going house hunting. me really going into the details about what they want in a house. everything everything, tell me everything.

with a couple people - almaz maybe - bringing up how it's strange when the power hierarchy breaks down and flattens and a new hierarchy - yes hierarchy, largely - emerges. overlaps with the power hierarchy but not exactly the same.

sean caroll taking me aside and thanking me, saying, i hear you're doing a terrific job. me, it's so easy and natural because like my coworkers are inspiring n things. how i have a great opportunity. me asking how he comes up with speeches. giving a long answer. that's like coherent but too long but still engaging and hm this how you became a ceo i see.

other things: sports (drew with patriots tat?), gluten free diets. how are you how are me who you living with things. and people there all being wifed up.

hospice enrollment. and quality of life? interactives. large data set exploration or story.

fears = convo ending, institutionalization

oh and this onesie party - showing up in a suit that's kind of a onesie right? snacking, when promptly taken away, fitted with trash bag, and booed by large crowd of white people.

immigration ban this stuff is real

2017-01-31
—
Morning

Today is not the morning I go to CVS to get mini deodorant

Ephemeral :
Feeling skinny // first workout in week
Sleeping little, motivation somewhat low

Not just maintenance:
Thought cycle of like being fired and pushing back and being confident or something
Of getting detained or kicked out of country
Siavash really tho really about to leave this is real and likely. Even arash. All visa processing halted for the 7 counties. Even tho arash already approved for PR. Siavash, calling ruba and friends. Optimistic though, taking the clarity as a blessing.

Why do I like the idea of suffering? Fantasies polluting the brain. Stupid silly

Weekend beautiful actually not productive but varied.
Wearing suit, covered in trash bag, booed by crowd full of adults in onesies.
Wandering with yahya after dinner. Siavash with friend. Hitting lilypad, cool tiny venue
Union for a minute then: warehouse party, French party. Talking to Ricardo. About the trump elephant, working for Medtronic.
Jackie macking, Yahya philosophizing with incredibly drunk dude on the way out.


writing from work
working on my writing

change a parameter
refresh
how hours are spent working on diagrams
coup to take provider referrals may in fact transpire

now restless

Last night hours drawing a few ugly lines for example patients on silly radial graph
Today bailing on likely fun concert to make other charts

U kno girls

Developing an aesthetic. Thinking about this and its power / limitations

Walking to bus. Racing the other guy. Knees brittle. Pretty pastel houses. An observation, not a feeling (mind listening to migos, in a different place).

Work optimistic in the morning responding to comments writing specs being a PM hey it's kinda cool. Restless afternoon..

2/4

okay whatever like sort of writing on the bus and not really wanting to write because early saturated with myself
and thinking like don't write until inspired
so not writing
but then no fuck it write whenever no pressure no pressure lift the veil this this is what i need to be creative. what i need is to be comfortable.

though today feeling good/sharp post gym, rowing lifting combo but hey knees not that creaky, shins not that splitty. and like body looking good, feeling good. i mean like looking at myself at the gym, and my hair and thinking of how i need hair cut - how i told amrit + gleeson that i cut my hair, and how i received an of course. the of course, to be more exact, coming after i'm like oh i kinda just guess for the back of my hair. so what am i? imprecise and creative. independent. super grungy. or just sloppy. don't know don't know .. spur thoughts on the necessity (sort of) of being judgmental in the workplace (humans as resources, needing to organize quickly and effectively). and, tangentially, me getting some respect in a detached work sort of way (for generating ideas, giving creative input)

tense meetings at work with engineers not getting requirements and like aw i have to build all this. and feeling for them because here PMs come in and like yo this is what we doing and very little context delivered. i mean the engineers super lame and risk averse - but not feeling what they're making is theirs. it's just a task that is handed down. but it doesn't matter if this part of the job is done poorly. doesn't matter if you don't response to emails from lower people. only the people who have exposure - focus on them to ascend. that's how it works.

saliently (a real word? cool) also this melding of work and life. related: this new flex vacation policy. in some ways nice because it breaks the barrier of talking work. i mean obvious. but the barrier doesn't exist. it's just life. with jon, nick, tyler sheffels (three white dudes, three white names) talking of things and various things but lots of software too. but the tone is like..like adventurous. rogue.
many let me tell you a story type stories and they're good versions of those but nonetheless those but i guess how else do you socialize.
universal values of the hustle and grind and working all night and weird hours and being rebellious in nerdy way.
and like also a lil shit talking (this doesn't leave the room, jon as a disclaimer to nick and me, but really just me) tark feeding a bunch of baby birds. and hey i guess that's accurate. and then trying to pin down the panties left in office room.

getting widdit to be successful vs being myself, retaining dignity, hustling hard.

ego enjoying the hangout and kind of nice but on the way out missing a handshake and hearing laughter but actually no laughter i think (echoing acid trip) and a feeling of shrinking, the world around me looking down and being condescending.

thursday in all night working working (waking at 5 and in house all day). going to grocery store to get out (of mind, but unable to escape productivity bent) and thinking of how this is too easy & too routine. too easy. and panicking, slightly. when will i leave this city maan..

chatter god such an amazing sound. because can tune in endlessly, oscillation rhythmic but unpredictable.

hey so i write sloppily and it makes no sense and points are often delegated to parentheses but then i look at polygraph.cool (name cringe) and visual essays, how beautifully they meld and convey points and step back and look at communication from a ground-up way. maybe i'm suited to this new age writing, new age thinking.

the things that make me me and that i like about me make happiness unsustainable. you i know i know you know.

a cab ride with teacher (who got degree in finance from sloan but never went back). talking about his students - super super poor population, some living with just distant family members or just alone. and making it. most into college. his routine, saving for travel, ubering on weekends.

hm so the data visual personality art project i guess will have sort of a focus.. like first just conveying the lists in a weird scattered format. but the this bit of thinking of people as collection of data points. how this is beautiful, less judgmental, and more accurate. constantly confronting content. idk. there's something here.

lately thinking about poetry so i guess i need to read poetry.

a tinder line of 'one polite motherfucker'

thoughts of leaving and going to grad school for design and digital media / data viz because god damn i wanna develop cool shit. or being a data journalist.
a creative rejuvenation this weekend. maybe get my name on a big publication, get some traction so i can start freelancing.

woo phew pew

talking to libby but not being curious enough about her and listening enough.

mama, cute card from students. drawing her as ninja princess. brilliant.


2/8

i have a state of mind so i should capture
tho
escaping is the goal right now. finding myself capturing instead. somehow, working all day. and accomplishing..very little tangible.
today like sort of horny all day since coming home and restless restless all day just so restless allowing for thought loops not unfocused just restless, cannot be appeased entertained must move move change change

so many fantasies with norah what am i doing to myself

a long day a small joint

really cannot stop touching self

oh right weekend at norah’s great like so refreshing

reading h is for hawk and acclimating

where am i am i exiting lately
yes i am

thinking about perception of myself at work


2/11

Right thought at the wrong tim

2017-03-02
—
Sparked by writing date:
Time passing, quarter of year. Need to be dazzling doing more at work.

A morning of: stomachache from a bite of free bevita from gym, re-running stored procedure. Sunlight entering room, mind.

The people, the usual characters on the bus.
A glance or two at the daily steps.

Calling Kareem yesterday, post break-up. The age of 28, a sort of deadline for starting wife search. And how, in the meantime, a conflict between enjoying life, singlehood, or preparing to be marriage material. Being mature, good Muslim, good habits, etc. Breaking down the latter as a fallacy sort of - setting concrete plans and behaviors to follow will not necessarily shape you into the person you want to be. Forces are complex, and difficult to control. (Not dwelling on this point for long enough). More to think about here..A rational, Colin approach to the break-up overall. I need to move on.
Bits: my dating life, breaking Metwalli curse with a girl, dental school//dental life, the job job Orlando and how it's been. And more romance: how you can adapt and grow to love someone. Kareem's opinion - an important one that I agree with. --Kareem picturing a magical walk (commenting on bunnies, creatures barking) when in fact walking in the area.

Taking conversation with me home. Siavash surprised to hear my opinion of: marriage deadline(ish) in 9 years, strong preference for Arab or Muslim. Like super surprised.

At work a week of coffee. Lower energy

--

3/4

immediate things
the tall barista from nine bar, migrating here to simon’s. first week on job. overhearing conversations with her and other cute, small barista. ‘where are you from’ developing into a sincere, distracted conversation. something about moving from a beach town, here being different..

(oh and other people, like guy wearing running shoes, knee-ripped jeans, glasses, and fitted skull shirt. the other barista, with my glasses, clean-cut haircut, and a couple piercings. asymmetric, a long, almost tribal piercing on his right ear. my judgments of him: a rebranded dork. or maybe always coolish edgy i don’t know. two snippets of conversation: friend doing pop art under weird moniker, and tattoo shops).

then, nine bar woman with male barista. talking about barista competitions. ‘nobody is gonna care about you if you win’. how job at coffee shop is not going to push theoretical friend who wants to be best of best barista to be best barista. need to go out own. do research. buy own equipment. experiment. hm. craft in everything, craft in everything. 1 hour passes, conversation more personal. tatted guy talking about his lesbian parents.
tattoos: casey’s recent addition. contrasting further. sort of square and abstract, dotty. huh.

in the cab ride. (yes an uber to a coffee shop on a weekend, my time is valuable my time is important). for the second time - a ‘creative’. or rather someone carving a creative career. the first, black dude with children, maybe 30 years old. cool / hard-working. days of hustling in construction. making good money (calculating, roughly 70k). living the life, taking vacation to florida on weekend etc etc. then injury, more work. to school, coming out working as medical tech. thinking of becoming surgical tech like sister but opting out. now, driving uber and trying to get into film? wants to make a film about..himself? or his community? desire to trace, concretely, his reasons for living his life the way he does. and to me - this is confusing. why? that’s not how your life worked? but the more dominant sentiment: how narcissistic, self-important. why would anyone want to hear you feel you this much?
and this cab driver, today, talking about interest in creating a ‘personal brand’. 22, fresh grad, having contributed little to the world (quick search revealing he went to business school at bentley). wants to ‘talk to the youth’. ‘like i could talk to 30 year olds or whatever but really i’m trying to talk to younger people’. his story - or the one conveyed to me - about fuck that i ain’t gonna do a job i hate so like i do my own thing i tour manage and i’m gonna make a podcast and tell stories (because my story is important). respect for going out on own, doing own thing, but disdain for self-importance. realizing how baba, mama, have similar view, but greater magnitude. see me as self-important for wanting to explore and do weird things and not just be fucking thankful and realistic. okay. not entirely related. but attracted, intellectually to the idea that someone is judging me with the same exact sentiment with which i’m judging someone else.
confident that ‘this is just a start, that podcast will get bigger’. and now now instead of writing judging, should probably listen to podcast and re-calibrate viewpoint.

coffee oozing swimming in my body. (and later, not, somehow body not processing coffee as expected after this break..)

remembering concrete vivid details of cab rides, last time in this same spot same coffee shop and feeling less bad about memory and smoking and not being able to remember various details about flaming lips concert after flaming lips concert. like casey recalling each arrangement of inflatable balloon installations per song and me like hey why was i not able to recall that.
maybe too stoned? didm’t think so, but the concert drifting. the music kind of drowning out. the right sonic frequencies. but thrown out almost arbitrarily. i don’t know. cannot connect. mutterings of ‘best concert ever’ & accolades from audience, after 1) band member riding on unicorn around crowd and 2) band member in bubble around crowd. and like not singing because logistics and practicality but still skeptical like why not just sing and play music and not throw this generative art in my face. generative - swapping out installations of three giant inflatable animal band. the fish dancing well, others just ambivalently bobbing. and then balloons and confetti everywhere everywhere. gratuitous and condescending? the band members telling stories that somehow making me cringe slightly (is there lighter word from slight cringe? even slight cringe too dismissive). oh and giant dancing eyeballs. and of course the streaming lights / projects up top. everything psychedelic colors. neon. like hey i know you know i smoke and like psychedelic music but stop this? or do it? because co-opting the general population like everyone else..
(with this concert and latest dirty projectors cannot judgment in group of uniformly white people..)

okay more events and things because forgetting where i am and what i’m doing. practice abstraction later.

thinking like maybe i’ll see more beauty in my life if i have all the data and visualize and see patterns. a way of confronting the issue of not being able to internalize beauty from previous days. amazing weekends, drowned and faded in routine of the next day.

phone conversations. 1x with may. i don’t know dating and whatever things and dental school. and vacation planning. and tanya, longer, more extensive. calling me monday after terse conversation sunday. like just a few minutes. not wanting to talk, really. short. a quick complaint. half-listening, half-talking to me. me as conversational entity, okay, normal. but leaving conversation not resentful at tanya but at self and like ugh wow no one wants to talk to me. no. isolate. but how could i have made this judgement at the moment and not in retrospect? by giving self the benefit of doubt..dangerous territory.
and call with kareem. wrote about this.

there’s a way to talk about work that’s interesting - in relation to your emotions and self-development. and observations in hierarchy and extrapolation to the world. personalization and extrapolation.

oh like life change things
—> spend more time producing. less time doing errands and things. like cook in bulk. make gym more purposeful. listen to dope shit in the morning. or fucking read and zone in immediately. breakfast, pre-made. just doing it.
—> i suppose mostly just above. but like design projects and work and being creative as a priority. creativity above all. above all.
—> restraint all the time. eating the right things, forcing self to work and stay awake.
-> no shame in doing productive things like work a little in between chilling because this doesn’t break mental zone? at least test..
(illustrator and coding, design books, remade breakfast, a new relationship with coffee)

a dominant thought space of trying to understand small topic deeply by (sort of unintuitively) processing knowledge in a broad area of topics. developing the ability to see patterns at multi-disciplinary scale, and applying to small scale. i think that’s coherent. or maybe not, maybe small scale patterns and depth better, more direct.

headspace today less thinking and introspecting and more head bobbing to podcasts and nas and jay-z and contemplating the question of nas or jay-z that one-liner on bumble posed.

oh the town hall meeting this week. in baptist community church. small room with many foldable chairs. mainly older local somerville crowd. white. cannot get that this meeting is exercise in abstraction. all the questions missing this point, resulting in answer that explains this principle. bearded urban designer (working for city) effortlessly explaining basic environmental psychology / urban design. ratios of street width to building height. feeling enclosed (a part of something) but not claustrophobic. building mass, focus of the day. techniques of setback and division. voting with dots, talking to angela about urban planning projects for davis square (graphical building codes), some suburb looking to rip out railroad and add bike path type thing, and some main commercial street in a different town. super rad. lost in listening.

last weekend. friday with vira & friends. banter mostly. two white dudes, one who had lives in 52 john. cute half japanese girl (dating one guy). all working with matthew? running into eric at brewery (nice space, beer, grilled cheese and mac and cheese only). rooftop. hunching as it gets colder. coming back, chatting chilling with adam and siavash.
next day - out and about. balling with eric and casey. 14 year old joining. no smiles. trash talking, draining jumper after telling me ‘i need to work on my defense’. tude.
then, at angela’s. older crowd mainly.
after - going out with nora, ryan, allie. boston bar, chinatown. then zuzu. hey just three of us. awkward but heartwarming dancing through soul night.

week before himss brain drain.
before before. friday night staying in (work) and then saturday at cuchi cuchi.
okay double before. double before. oh right. friday working a little i think. and then saturday more work (early early) then pray, protesting, brunching. and later - brett.

actually factually not just a phrase i say in my head, one that i say ‘all the time’ according to casey. not aware. but i guess nice, liking the mystery, distance from self. dinner with casey and the good things happening lately: winning entreneurship contest at work (creating body camera), admission at harvard with room to negotiate part-time status. ‘playing the game and winning’ type things. okay. good good.

i guess i’m sort of afraid of too much clarity.

himss in some words.


3/11

standing in line at forge. a tea for casey, sweet for the table. 4:30-ish. two in front of me in line. slow, trickling out. well whatever context here not helping in paint the feeling - the feeling being wow it’s so great to be alive. ah. all these things i want to do and learn. and people to meet and experiences and ah energy i need to spread and absorb. this week like this, how can i make every week like this?
i’m feeling alive - feeling alive right now - but what was it that i was feeling earlier? gaps of vibrancy punctuating an overall reluctant productivity, complacency. purpose coming in bits and pieces.

(just now, rejecting siavash’s proposal to sit in my room and work. stripping jacket, immediately opening my sliding door. and a sort of internal recoil. not sure why. feeling bad after saying no. and now feeling like i need to really take advantage of this solitude..write something rich)

most recently, at forge with casey and vash. alternately standing and sitting and gesturing and joking. casey retelling story of corporate maneuvers, at work winning contest, also negotiating grad school enrollment.
conversation and chilling spilling over from the morning with siavash. initially yoga. and then, feeling great and light. in kitchen but not hungry. siavash flattening oats on a plate so that it can slightly harden (skeptical but in fact it happened). telling story of davis square town hall meeting, recent chilling at angela’s (japanese food // book club).

h is for hawk a beautiful book actually.

the day feeling like a stream, a wonderful stream. how weekends like this are incredibly fulfilling, and yet get washed away, overpowered by routine.

uber rides lately rich experiences by projection. like the conversations short slices, but opening space for imagining a new person


recent uber rides
entrepreneur uber
radio producer
egyptian
lebanese businessman

--

willpower this week and pushing through things
verve in workouts
and at work
and yet restless manifesting itself

to siavash about this
swages ness date


yesterday, breaking down productivity and time. trimming the fat in day. the conversation veering from emotional & psychological (are there untended needs that will also be there, that i must confront) to practical (shakes for breakfast, no doodling, less cooking, reading on the bus etc etc). expanding growing, living in the abstract, the concrete invited for portions of conversation. as is typical.

--

conviction to get a car (and inherently deciding that my emotional well-being is better than growth, confrontation of normal ass people living lives). that part okay. being sedentary though, major reservations.

sunday coming home at 5:30 and like i need to get shit done so high powered doing virtual errands ordering things and banks and taxes and reimbursements and communications to family. and like this is me i get things done. (bad for me?)

--

meeting nadine 3pm at crema. okay. let’s slow down.
thinking lately need to make writing more. expansively. or. no. keep fragments and style. but - explore an experience through writing. like how helen macdonald, h is for hawk, takes waking up. stretches it. generalizes first, draws vivid analogy. then, slowly into brain state. zooming into thoughts. maybe not now but do this.
at crema at crema. purposefully meandering into spot. the last empty table, upstairs. depositing belongings. removing jacket because i look cooler with light new olive bomber type coat (but damn too many green pieces of outerwear). configuration of self. book in hand? read book for couple minutes, or phone? or stand, because aware on arrival. ultimately, aesthetic, stylistic choices. none productive. caught in this mental space as nadine walks in. giant north face. a strange, short of frilly pants towards the bottom. unexpected. nadine looking largely the same, if a bit skinnier. immediately to the counter to order. separately, i infer. coffee and brittle cookie, sandwich for nadine.

beginning of social encounter. comfortable, i suppose. best case scenario - awkwardness, anxiety, solely manifesting itself in unnecessary social movements. (because channeling the same comfort from years ago).

one way of writing about experience - list absolutely everything remembered then filter and curate?

… oh shit 9pm JDs show should i go? new - absolutely new friends.

3/13

overcoming writing inertia.
um just being practical.
experiments in productivity and practicality
ugh.

finished h is for hawk. yay. on the bus. because i can focus, zone in on the bus.
today assessing my mental state frequently. like: how do i feel?
i mean more productive and not eating chocolate but still restless and needing to leave work at 6.
and then suddenly sort of braindead like around 8.
goal is to last until 9 for working. like work at work 8 hours then work at home 2-3. that’s the goal. okay?

but today. finished packaging up bidco reports. put some thought into involution engagement. responding to updated specs. meetings: stand-up + triage + config + platform req = 2.75. and then lunch. and also leaving 4:30. really like 4 hours productive time at work. making new mockup at home. is this enough for one day? no no no.

tomorrow: BIDCO issues for 2 hours. 4.13 documentation. lots and lots of care management work.

waking up and meditating the first thing in the morning. doesn’t really wake me up, just a sort of patience. out of the danny brown state. not quite in the ambient state tho.

not really present, just constantly re-orienting. that’s okay though right?

master the art of the second wind. exercise? hardcore music -> work session. okay. that’s something. meditation? haven’t tried that one. lunch dinner reversal a good move in this regard though.

wow productivity dominating the brain who would have thought.

& deciding - dev, design and music outside of work.
hey being in boston not so bad because i can be productive and have no friends and build up self-esteem that way?
--

summer summer happy bday. her day. friends over for birthday on weekend. but today: brownies, singing happy bday. talking, of course, about harry potter. the latest play will be made a movie. 3 more books to come. and then brainstorming ideas for go pro. telling her to get editing software.

..yousuf doing poorly in school need to need to do something about this.

--
tenniscoats, this new japanese band angela has shown me. liking them & resisting the urge to look up reviews. because - yes, pitchfork is validating.

--
how can i write about not me?


3/24

Things slipping. The backlog of creative ideas. When when do I work on this? 1 day/week, at least, need to carve out time. Carve out. Corporate speak. This phrase okay.

Routine experimentation. Heh. Matcha vegan shake. Not bad bad.

At home, post work. Cooking. Working a tiny bit. Like 9ish, maybe just read n sleep lots. Maybe 5 pages of text weaving through 30 or so min of wandering. Oof. Knowing what I need to do..sit up. Stretch. Things. Next time. Do things. Need the second wind before bed. Maybe a late afternoon mate..

Saying thanks to bus driver - for me or for her?

Yesterday thoughts of why all these business things and reality I don't like accelerated maturity maybe maybe go back to school and be a real ass designer.

Okay restart work log.

With May.


4/1 (saturday)

where did i leave off // what have i told myself (< that’s a little silly, am i writing for present or for me - me being not me but this other me who is in some ways my historian, reading and analyzing me. )
(fuck okay much to cover much missed)

spill first.
pattern of thinking about..
oh, about - patterns of conversation. it seems like there are only a few ways to explain things. tones, words, fall in pattern. at reef’s performance, listening to performer, classified quickly in brain as ‘baseline quirky artsy insecure but maybe not that insecure’ ask audience how audience is doing. woo. but sort of like ‘I’m gonna play depressing songs, this is gonna be awesome’. this is gonna be awesome, lingering. and the explaining pattern, starting factually, straight-faced, ending in a brain scan for something else(audible ‘did i forget something’ accompanying) but always ending in an abrupt ‘um yea’ or just yea.  actually factually sort of an awful wave to end conversation, audience gets sort of lost in the anticipation of brain scan and is suddenly thrown off, told to switch gears without synthesizing info.
literal lyrics, literal things - hard to cringe to lyrics that say anything in straightforward way. is this impulse i should fight. abstract does not mean deep. clarity is fine. right?
but popping // dance performance precisely literal. every move crafted to follow beat, even most subtle shifts. this - satisfying, beautiful. in some ways perfect. but maybe this is partly it, the abstract leaves less room for judgment, the literal, if not perfected, opens arena of criticism.
&&. oh the impending age of 24 && responsibility and life awaiting and me forming into just me but not this other great thing and so need to rush push do everything be productive. enjoyment ancillary.
& AND others. time is passing and i haven’t taken this design course or done grand visualization or produced weird journal art so here i am, static. or. not static, but ascending in some directions. the sum oh ascension not producing the person i envision.
musical complacence = natural brain pattern = future, danny brown.
some skepticism over the value and meaning of art. i mean i don’t really understand art, the art world, art history. but - wariness over creative entitlement, the idea that ~you~ are important. you are, most likely, not important.
sleeping naked and totally cool with it.
approaching social settings in deliberate way that isn’t ‘selling out’. or maybe, underlying pinpointing more precisely what selling out is. verdict on this feeling unclear: that i need to work on myself, do interesting things in the span day, week, partly to have something to talk about. in-genuine (not a word apparently) but necessary?
this feeling that everything we do is just fodder for conversation.
phrases that echo, recur in head, like ‘math, english’ (still carrying from school days), ‘what am i doing wrong’. ah this whole stream of like explaining or having conversations with other people but still in my head, like i invited people into brain. this is a pattern, with concrete words that emerge. maybe not so accessible now.
trying to imagine comfortable silence with new, nameless faceless, romantic lover. and difficult.
imagining myself more handsome, face less long.
-
fantasies of someone close dying. the news revealed as i’m with replaceable pretty manic pixie dream girl type. i leave, without explanation (replying, months later). ends here.
entire family dying. story does not linger on emotions, broader step back. becoming character in a store, resolved to find meaning in life. ends here?
sister dying, brother dying, mother committing suicide.
fucked up, i’m fucked up.
-
ah so structured 2 much structure stop get the structure away from me.
friday nights. sleeping, 1 or so am. not smoking, partly health, productivity concerns, partly path of least resistance. a plan for saturday being explored.
realizing that maybe i can adopt the habits & patterns of successful people and maybe (maybe) join their ranks. underlying - understanding the habits of successful people. where to cut day. how to structure the right amount of happiness, sanity. not sold tho, still resining to moderate success, spunk, quirk, flaws carrying through.
what is it about siavash’s mood/thoughts/opinions that is..stormy - infiltrating into others, into outside environment.
oh it’s april and summer is coming and i need to make some dope digital shit before then - so so, i guess, then, sundays are for work.
aesthetics are not shallow, just a form of mental exercise? art too.
getting better at better at not needing external validation and no siavash no thank you i did not need to meditate but okay maybe the fundamental problem still exists in me.
fear of: steering conversation somewhat deliberately with standard questions. kind of thinking - can we just agree to get fucked up? but i guess that’s not the mood.

hanging with ingrid (down to meet, it turns out?) last weekend. going on about home and maybe talking about myself too much..and talking a little about work. steering conversation somewhat deliberately with standard questions. but i guess otherwise a nice time, leaving on note to meet up again?

face too long. conclusion from photos.

working with involution - cute cute sharon and awkward awkward me.

i will wear glasses today i will wear them and rock them and feel good in them.
unsure of how i feel about pinkish shirt with bleaches, knee-patch jeans. too much fade? black jacket contrasting too much?

with nora, first getting tea at tatte. set amount of time until may arrives. me, sort of upbeat. external momentum (word for this, better description?). talking about previous date at the cafe. and nora’s friend, with her first, second, third date outfits pre-selected. nora taking the advice, working out well for her. hey i guess we’re friends now that we’ve talked about this..but onto bookstore super wandering and then outside, a focused conversation before saying goodbye. state of activism and america, though melded with personal experience. pausing as girl nearby cries intensely (friend hugging, tending to her)..

& last sunday, dinner with adam’s parents.

asma’s husband released.

drawing inspiration from the (white) people at diesel. a representative crowd. backgammon, meticulous notetakeing. some dope sketches nearby.
sketches - learn to draw? can i learn to draw? yes. try. b/c if i fail then i can’t draw and whatever because i’m still creative.
so maybe like work 10 hours / day and and in the small spare time, after finishing this book, try drawing?

body composition a mark of insecurity. now, a bit bigger, less skinny. hyper - obsessively ripped =

music lately considering delving more into amateurism. fuck the polish. leave the oil from the hair. monospace fonts. etc. okay i’m consistent..

the saga of delio - calling during work and asking if i’m running for alderman? no.

yesterday, reef’s performance. motley saudis - zainah, very hot bahraini friend, nadine, robert everyzadeh (pro golfer in vegas?)’s sister. okay this is cool - and maybe ostensibly weird but not actually weird - but hey now these lebanese girl accents are like kind of attractive and endearing.
walking in, side by side with nadine, finding, zoning in on spot, and noticing, after commitment, siavash, adam, lily splitting off. a very minor, inconsequential ‘oh no it’s too late’ sort of moment. anyway. side by side with nadine. her, attentive. me as well. comments and laughter exchanged here and there.

a couple, sharing headphones, sharing at computer screen. guy’s hand gestures not quite designing.
noticing, a lone desk upstairs. wonderful.
conversation between pierced, lightly bearded dude and woman across. walking in, serious, tense. now, relaxed. like - more than 45 min passed, years - the dynamic switching from awkward first date or maybe work partner to just the usual. easing into things.
guy bringing scone, coffee to girl. a slow & genuine, movie-like smile. titled heads staring at the phone, lightly laughing.
a date, of some sort. continuity in the conversation, but not more than a few prior encounters (still learning about family structure). the woman, sort of timid, collected, but open - talking about niece, coloring. relatively plain clothing, but rich, funky scarf. inoffensive overall. (no good look at face..) the man, listening in tune, a gentle demeanor, light british accent, kind, bald, chiseled face. moving into description of story. adult dating. clear opinions, personal habits shared. directed conversations, that flow. [current topic: online dating, discussing related article shared from previous conversation. growing into: relationship with technology. ebbs and flows. now: aziz ansari. invested, don’t really want to leave. how i got into meditation. how am i going to improve my mind?]

oh right the whole work thing that’s a whole thing

transgender prison guard transitioning to woman. interesting, cool, etc, but really seeing how i, at the moment, cannot fully imagine legitimacy of gender transition. or, maybe more accurately, do not see

a sort of deeper understanding of ui starting to emerge. understanding in more concrete, critique-able way why mac is better in certain ways. not because it allows for more productivity, necessary. windows better for that possible. but partitioning tasks in a way that allows for some mental collection and calmness. i feel better. also i don’t work on this. but in visual design terms, less box-shadow. more fades, blurs. rounded edges. toolbar that shows bare minimum, and brings up relevant info when necessary. a search that isn’t cluttered, does not bring up extraneous information. and like look at this subtle box shadow it’s beautiful.

every once in a while i check my steps.

sometimes thinking something and then thinking about thinking it in a cool way.
i guess this is the ego.

oh - major fuckup at work

scrolling up and down and determining that this is maybe enough content for me to leave diesel...

4/3

Last night a Sunday
Morning at Forge working meticulously. On the details. Note reader / formatter page. Prob should not be working in such details but also - somewhat effective.
Heated mental debate - left hand nav delineated with right vertical border, or no border, just horizontal header lines for focus problem and goal. Settling on latter..
Thinking wavering between idea of one vs two clicks to see full note. Small preview and then full preview with metadata? Good if nesting at intervention level, bad otherwise?
And of course, revisiting the care plan structure again. Deciding to leave option open of just goal level notes.
And and also revisiting quick note workflow. In latter, how to quickly allow user to add goals? Directly from dropdown?
These thoughts, taking with me as I nap, drift to sleep 5pm.

Joining yahya, vash, andre (Romanian, arash's friend after) at ramen.
Skating to the restaurant, actually relatively smoothly. Air Force ones, good for your feet.
Siavash asking who my favorite artists are. Deliberating, telling him. Though his response not met with too much attention. And posing the question bag - shrugging, Unenthusiastically, and saying 'I asked you b/c there's a lot of music you don't share with me'. And, thinking, how representative - approaching conversation from selfish end, offering only own terms. And ramen, god damn it sick of ramen.
Over drink at saloon, evil vs good in the world, mass manipulation (Cambridge analytica, evil ad company) in the air. Difficult to transition to other topics after. Or maybe not.

The bus the bus leaving the bus a

4/7

Lately things, things lately.
Wednesday, Nemr talk. Simplifying middle eastern politics. Bad guys in power, everyone else trying to get by. & power vacuums. A message of mobilizing, productivity over political correctness. Engage w everyone, even the racists. Arabs partly to blame for our reputation. The latter not true, but I suppose a way of instilling a sense of duty. Rhetoric of America, American influence. Maybe pandering to westerners too much. Oh but amazing story about pretending to be foreign security guard for American ambassador in order to prevent muttawa from entering comedy venue.
Lingering after. Checking out girl with black Air Force one, faded jeans. Nemr's girlfriend, it turns out. Also, nagine, cute Persian girl initially joining for dinner then retracting (salad in hand). Standing not so awkwardly, awake sharp and observing. In conversation with George, purely in Arabic. MD/researcher at the Broad Institute. And god damn it's limited. How to get better? (Same thoughts echoing in cab ride back, with Moroccan driver. Sort of holding my own. Starting pack of questions - family, work and tracing relationship to home).

Dinner, easy, flowing. Walking in, Reem, Nemr's gf, showing intense interest in conversation. Cut off at doorway (as I'm holding door for everyone), but remembers to continue, eagerly. Respect(s). Talking about Digital District, Beirut's Silicon Valley. Teaching coding to refugee children. Should maybe try it.
Nemr, an excellent conversationalist. Extreme confidence (speaking well of own speech, aware and secure in what he's good at). His eye contact, though brief, rotating amongst everyone at the table, meaningful, penetrating. (In contrast to Eric Benoit's intense contact from Invo - looking at eyes but not at me..like the eyes are a target or I'm transparent and there's something directly behind me). How he meet Reem, his girlfriend. Creating wall around her as fight breaks out. What stories.

I don't like gifys.

Deep house night, thursday. i’m going out tonight, going to go out tonight.
next morning, slightly groggy at work. but functional // okay // not too tired just not sharp. and hey this is kind of okay. self-destructive cycles. appreciating usual sharpness only now.

Monday night, chilling with yahya. Him and Siavash coming in a little drunk. Informed of this news after having abstract, confusing philosophical conversation w yahya about why people need to work and suffer. Drunk status undermining legitimacy of conversation.
previous night, ramen (sick, sick of ramen, god so selfish, etc etc thoughts @ siavash and how his desires prioritized though i suppose not that inconsiderate because he knows that, realistically we don’t care -  i don’t care - about where we’re going to eat, but this assumption..no this presumptuousness that he knows what i know and he can comfortably assume that others will enjoy what he enjoys .. the issue). but sitting next to andre chupon - romanian, friend of the rash’s (arash + sia - andre recalling how he thought siavash was named siarash). coolness i imagined producing a different figure, so slightly surprised when meeting mild mannered, nice, if a little nerdy dude. in phd program for econ b/c slacked and didn’t do enough math towards the end of college. how math was, for him, like a sickness. lived it, breathed it, just loved loved math. just fascinating. an interesting, unconventional thought pattern / habit brain allowed him to form. skirting through the ‘big’ broad topics, life, and job, and etc, but slowly, gradually, attentively.
oh back home and smoking a little, playing lighter game (passing mini lighter that is balanced on hand. oddly fun).

two days of work, of work, it’s slower and i do the documentation package thing and other small things and think about care management a bit and it drifts, goes by quickly.

past couple weekends this weekend not super planning the weekend but imagining configurations because because if this exercise is not done day fades?

a sense of excitement. chilling opportunities in boston. can be quirky, artsy, interesting. but, per boston, requires real planning. wandering to plan dance party type thing. tickets sold out, but asking attendant at ART (american repertory theater) sup widest. talking about other shows, what she does as performance artist (once, for example, pausing fight with boyfriend, continuing on stage heated, real, fiery). did not break up, but broke up later, when asking to go to boston marathon (his reaction like gosh what a weird normal thing to do - clearly artsy n things) and, turns out to be day of (event). oh man man. walking & wandering out, passing by show at atomic bean cafe? actually good music? & then, all night performance at somerville community access television. (stereotype, judging alert) types of grimy slightly dirty mass scene hipsters jade would hang out with (but you’re so much better?). a comedy show. one dude, talking about rough neighborhoods (black guy, crowd full of white people). the next, about father’s death - this one actually funny. middle aged frumpy woman, making fun of frump. the mannerisms of comedy, comedian, performance, a visceral cringe. artificiality. is the feeling. band playing, isolated in room, but streaming on tv. out of shape shirtless dudes. okay. huh. hm. donate. community space. donate. an assumption that some of these people are privileged, deciding to frolic, do cool community art things for the community because that’s good but no it’s not good because nobody cares. (no that’s not true, take it back)

mariposa bakery. brick walls, windows, space. lacking a certain something. but the crowd varied. feeling placeless, good, placelessness is good. for me today.

material design of course, ui design, should be a designer? thoughts after seeing invo put together amazing work, while me, meanwhile, coordinating, being practical. important now, but maybe maybe get creative n loose later. grad school, likely.

maybe move to beirut and join this digital district, teach refugee children how to code.
oh hey ahmed coming in a couple weeks, cool.

with vira yesterday talking about motivation and how she loses motivation. (vira, seriously super sad and hung up over break-up). but motivation. thinking about it in a deep way. a friend of hers, equally unmotivated, and then, branching, finding a passion a place and bam bam super successful.
& other things..

4/10

Spring, warmth, liveliness
Mental state, mode, actions driven by outside world
Losing sense of self and thoughts and existing
Less productive but but lately
After conversation with yahya (point of life, productivity), thinking: good to chill as well
Life solution = sleep 6 hours max on weekends. Early to work, nap, then live.

Productivity thoughts like
Okay bigger container of hummus next week because then less pressure to make sauce
Okay okay bake the chicken while cooking the other stuff, more streamlined multitasking
(Get this shit down, forget about it)

Cliche feelings are real feelings, too.

This morning, waking up to sun spilling in. Whatsapp messages, text from Nora. 10 minutes of

4/10

Quirky people in Boston be playing Rubik's cube, singing falsetto, rocking converse

A rate of - 2 words per 10 minutes. On the bus, drifting, concrete observations ('a mom walking baby, wearing two layered short

2017-03-05
—
general: spend more time producing. less time doing errands and things. creativity above all.

3araby!!!

morning:
switch breakfast to pre-made vega one matcha shake. or egg white tray and oat combo. that’s it.
read on the bus. or listen meaningfully to dope shit.

body:
hard circuits for now, later basketball and other activities
shoes with support

work:
carve out 1 work day per week for creative things
don’t spend time doing things that don’t give visibility (wiki deploys, etc)
run some meetings

creativity:
3 days/week, 2 hours spent on creative work in the morning? and again in the afternoon?

routine:
up early everyday? doing either creative work or working out for 2 hours in the morning.
a new relationship with coffee
constant restraint and discipline

confidence:
new dope clothing.




--
to learn: illustrator, more d3, design books


2017-04-14
—
Weekend amazing, great, doing not thinking stream.

Friday.
Dinner at Harvard, the plan. Names down, drinks in the meantime. At Daedalus rooftop, running into Sama and other beautiful Harvard GSD students. Adam, Sia, Arash, Andre, Navid. Light, easy, loud conversation.  Cuchi Cuchi after, similar fare.
Then - King Kendrick album release party. Arash and I awake through.

Saturday. Meeting with Ahmed around 1. Marathon central
Boloco on the steps
Wandering, a plan to meet for MFA. At Trident bookstore. Recalling date with Reem. Coffee? Siavash directing us to Render. Stopping at: a house, Christian Science church (menacing, impressive) first.

On couch, hearing about: confessions of an economic hitman. How this consulting is all bullshit. Partly that they are pasted on, not approaching problem from the ground up.
Also - how world bank, IMF, etc, manipulate poor countries. Offer loan (they can never pay back) to start electricity. Leverage. Open up power plants for own countries.

Coffee in the nice neighborhood, beautiful manicured park.

Sugidama, two (many) meals.

Zuzu, hip hop at middlesex. Janelle, not Michelle, and Maryrose.

(Sunday)

Morning, booking Yosemite, chatting to Noor, but first, a slow easy coffee and bagel outside with Arash. Rocking the overalls.
Watermelon pickup.
Worlds longest tealuxe order. Nerdy glasses, rebellious blue undercut hair. Thoroughly enjoying our banter, as we cycle through confirmations of blender's death diagnosis, order switching, pulling and picking fine details, holding onto them. Blueberry white iced outside, while waiting for arash to return with bike. Pokeworks afterwards. The extra macadamia nuts. Reef's show (at house party) on Saturday. And internship, plans for summer. Going through the things.

Walking back home, a light rain. Ahmed, Reef, side by side. Talking about tech, opportunities in tech, and the idea of gamifying in education. My skepticism.

Home, tea, hang. Arash leaving, $120 cab to drop at location for riding 20 miles. The yuppie hobbies..

Siavash's music - actually so good,  captivating, a real space. prompt sleeping at 1.

Older belligerent man on the bus, muttering.

Lighter spirit. Happiness. Living. Not worrying about productivity, as an alternative? Work sucks, a theme of the weekend. Small layer of restless though, 'what next' static, when listening to a song.

4/20 (retro 4/21)

Work the data gallery thing and explaining the poster I hate and that is fase and simple - simplistic - but others like it. Giving out a client name b/c I'm idiot. The referral network one tho, pretty cool.

Too many crackers, compulsivity, and some cheese - not all cheese is good, realizing. Then home, briefly, rolling dro in boxer, and off to central. Meeting Ahmed. This past week, a little surreal. To little donkey. Ditching to smoke and walk. Talking about Arabic, Ahmed's improving with gf.

Cuchi. The workdays. What I do. Value based Care and alll. Sour drinks. A little this, a little that. Guests: 0 on the check. To Casey's. Cheap whiskey. Dancing with bottle opener. And forks. Two prong fork.

2017-05-11
—
afraid to exit the music bubble

5/16

post new york
harvard square looking feeling - lovey. the greeting man with extremely long hair. a bum, no? respectable woman walking alongside.

long faces hey that long face is not so bad but most of them are bad. an awareness of place, attraction.

work. okay. would rather chill. swat team data analysis type stuff. today focused, undistracted. but a painful last two hours the main takeaway.
takeaway.

blessed by a stranger on the street.
in new york, rumination disappearing. along with sense of self.

(progress)
public dancing
hey i'm comfortable enough to dance.

2017-06-11
—
road trip

6/1 - 6/21

6/1 (from 6/2)
[too tired to diary]
7am. Posing in front of CRV for Coco's parents [thoughts of sending these photos to family, maybe will make them happy to involve in trip?] [now/ also thinking, maybe go vegetarian for the summer].
PA > WV (hills, forest, beauty) > IN - OH - IL (barren, lame, flat, strip malls) > Iowa
Iowa - lush grass, somewhat flat but many rolling hills. Clouds fluffy, fields goden & various shades of green. Surprisingly beautiful. Rural - big sky, few buildings & many farms. [What's it like to live here? Where are the schools? How do people socialize? Is population eclectic, quirky? Thoughts of urban (or rural) planning and design.]
Bits of 50 Shades of Grey. Uninspired, leaves little to interpretation of reader.

I know nothing about farming - should learn about technical  process.

Settled in motel @ Colfax, Iowa for night. Tiny town, pop = 2000. Mining and mineral industries many years ago. Now seems to exist because it exists -- people live there, so it must continue. Draws in business from interstate.

Ate at Mexican restaurant - one of three in town. Actually delicious - huge portion, but many veggies / fresh ingredients. Resolved to write Yelp, we say, after finding that review would carry incredibly weight (only five others written). American Ninja playing on the TV, watching in a sort of tired daze.

Stretching, Jade call & bed. First day of farm. Learned how to fertilize soil (sort of sprinling stuff in the right amount), made mesh to train vines to properly climb well + played with Ninan. Had ocnfusing trip to temp renovated grocery store. Farm incredibly quiet - and damp (raining at time of conversation). Jade sleeping in main house, lots of work to be done on her mini-house (animals occupying ceiling). Corn crib project + peonies blooming unexpectedly rapidly keeping David + Anne super busy (and baby of course). Jade spending lots of time w/ Anne (talked about me as boyfriend?) & baby. Talking about fact that baby can't walk. Just plop him down and leave him. Process of learning to walk & funny movements to transition into walking / crawling. Jade clearly very tuned into development of baby (smart).
Jade looking to play w/ camera equipment, film, paint, make music, write, read (still hasn't read How Music Works).

6/2
Writing in Nebraska.
Colfax, Iowa -> Colorado.
1k miles traveled.

Farms (corn & wind) growing more disparate, sparse & less scenic while approaching Nebraska.
Nebraska: blue, plains, planar, sky.
Town stops: Grand Island (host of state fair, home of Wendy's), Kerny, Brady (smells like poo -- do residents think poop is odorless? questions..)

Colorado.
Quickly landscape becomes much prettier. Still flat, but sky is ever more open, sun is vibrant, and grass is thicker (somewhat drier, desert-like). Small hills starting to appear, like goosebumps. Rich, healthy landscape.
4:15 pm and nearing Denver.

Backseat bed.
Journal = priority. But more thoughts (try to capture more thoughts of others).
Large watering rotating device that moves in arcs. Many.
Serial episodes - riveting. Similarities b/w alleged murdered and me. Muslim-American-Pakistani. Parents religious, but experimentation (girls, drugs, etc) in high school. State's case using this, difficulty living duplicitous lives, reconciling religion and girlfriend. (bullshit). Trying to be objective but brain wants Adnan to be innocent.
Daryl's driving okay - but unnatural and tense.

Hay, tires stack on hills on certain farms? And slaughterhouses. Cows lined up like in bike rack.Even planting and manicured farms (clearly large-scale/mechanized and industrialized). Capital not labor driving farms.
Trucks flipped over to side, graffiti adorning abondaned structure.

Reminds me vaguely of Saudi. Open sky, dryness, sun/heat, larger factory-looking things and machines (oil farms?)

ROCKIES IN THE DISTANCE
[cont.]
Rockies melding with clouds in the distance but later becoming more distinct, layered.
(noticing that I say "I agree" a lot, often incorrectly)
Makign marvel noises as we approach montains & Northglenn.
Lots to talk about in Colorado. Northglenn - beautiful, cookie-cutter suburb. Even strip malls liook nice.Effective urban planning in Denver + surrounding suburbs. Looks like LA, with maintains in the background, wide roads, and copycat houses. airBnb complex systematically colorful and color-varying. Strip malls new, and large chains using laternative, more tasteful branding. Northglenn interesting mix of flat and giant mountains, rural and suburb (like right next to each other). Cuisines of all types. Economically, not so diverse.
Talk of how beautiful/tasteful suburb is -- and like maybe we should move to Colorado? Really..
AirBnB host - tasteful film bro. Friendly and accommodation. Supergero decoration tendencies.

Pho/Vietnamese place w/ enormous portions. (Ate all, major stomachache & regret lingering). Wandered downtown to museum patio. Giant lawn, water (fountain still running, with limited visbility, at night, like whoa man ya'll got weath) & skyline. Sign showing Denver's fantastic bike routes, scheming biking tomorrow.

Driving through Denver, noticing many humans walking (good design).
(feeling like I can more quippy when typing - as opposed to writing - journal)

Conversations - plan for coming days, urban planning & Colorado. Jade calling me a handsome one and wishing me happy bday. Spent much of day painting a road sign (Peonies sold here) - v pretty. (no phone)

6/3 ~ birthday
Northglenn, CO

Writing shirtness in between exercise sets.
Near window, overlooking pool at AirBnb.

Sitting at table in morning - me and Colin - eating apples. Plan for day? ->Boulder directly, we decide.
Boulder = beautiful.
Incredibly close to Rockies. Mountains, up close, are not just peaks. Rich w/ flowers, trees, chipmunks, cracks, contours. Diverse, colorful landscape.
First 20+ min of Boulder dayhike gaspting at how beautiful. Many hiking about, all happy, fit, lively, white. Talked to mother + child about travel plans ("was just in Zion, it's amazing"), two girls who recently moved here ("life here is just so..easy and great"). Happy healthy friendly.
Recalling conversations from yesterday Humor -- one about whether or not we're funny, and whether funny friend groups (Will+Race) are always funny? Whether it makes you less sincere. Different types of funny. Conclusion: we're funny enough (to not take ourselves seriously, to relay information in refreshing ways, and steal laughs).

Today, more convo about chill Colorado living.
Hiking & state of flow. Difficulty in downhill hiking.

Long-term desires (houses, lifestyle)
Trip plans (grocery/drug allotment and calculation).
Ganj dispensary = Apple store.
Confidence and how it's attractive (talking about this on CU Boulder lawn)

Change to lists + stream of consciousness.

Bday - lovely fb inbox from Ana. Brief texts from Christian, Elisa, Meral, Stef (no reply after)
list form:
+ Boulder. Beautiful, rich terrain (trees, flowers, rocks) and Rockies. 2 hr hike. Two friendly girls.
+ CU Boulder campus. Relatively uniform, but still pretty/natural. Colin contemplating future profession here, me job, Daryl husband.
+ Groceries. Many calculations - other shoppers teasing/starting conversation ("now you only get 2 or 4 slices of cheese, not 3")
+ Dispensary. Like Apple Store. Greeted by Mr. Myagi

2017-06-22
—
6/22 - 6/24 (LA with tanya)

sleeping through flight, sleep deprived. picked up by tanya at airport. her, not looking so good. a little bloated, pimply (period, it turns out). superficial but real thoughts. impersonal pick-up. no eye contact really. no hugs. staying in car.
me feeling quiet, insular. thinking largely as a result.

a pattern - how my social demeanor, externality. extent to which my self and thoughts are expressed outward. determined largely by vibe / people around me. difficult to change (though not usually trying).

but anyway. like whatever talking to tanya, very quickly revealing her grumpiness + period. and my attraction to her like sort of low. vibes not vibing. we get to her place. she points me to couch. we chill on couch, sort of closely for a while. i change, we change. and sleep in respective positions.

first day, much of second - describing in head to other imaginary people this way. that point in long-term relationship in which you're close, don't need to fill the air with conversation. so it's okay not to talk. but really it's not okay. because you're a young romantic, feeling that this should be exciting. that even in silence, some romance, passion should be exuded. magnetic forces.

friday morning. sluggish start, but some coffee, food, and feeling great. at fox studios to work for the day. a short tour with tanya in the morning. animals trimmed from bushes. this is a job. outside, writing logic for at-risk patient list. and big fish, vince staples, for the first time. with the sunlight. a manic coding session.

then outside, watching the semi-formal, quirky workers socializing around food trucks. big headphones on, cloudy, waiting for tanya.

leaving work for: lunch somewhere. oh right. that super organic cafe tanya really likes. a sweet, tasty latte and mega salad.
the beach. malibu, venice. biking through. venice okay, weird reggae hippy touristy vibes. a nice walk through houses, canals nearby tho. which house would you like? our conversation. tanya a sort of dainty french thing. me, brutalist and friendly (tho not finding one). pain coming and going for her.
back to the house.
a nap. ordering ganj at some point. smoking in bathroom. awake for a bit. listening to music off laptop speakers. the experience sort of okay. playing deadbeat summer at some point and not the right vibe and tanya looking irritated. okay sorry.
a nice conversation though - recurring fantasies. tanya, a boss with her own studio. me, similar ambitions. others of people dying.
sex. on period, condom. it's okay. then passing out until next morning.

saturday morning. we go to coffee bean & tea leaf. drinking coffee in a california-style shop intended mainly for cars. the table an island in paved roads. cars circulating. me eating some breakfast. tanya eating kind bar, telling me how she read book written by kind bar creator. something like be kind. how wrappers are transparent. a design goal. did not compromise ingredients. and me like: really, you read this?

we hike after. strenuous, meditative.
lunch at empanada place. tanya's insular life. not buying that i'm introverted. i mean, not as much as you.
tanya, going back 8 years to the first time i kissed her. wow wow.
back. sex. better. a good note to leave.

attention drawn to cars.

(god damn, this william cara mix, fucking beautiful)

knee pain*

why am i not happy cheery happy chatty?*
just need one more night of sleep and will be.*
get in touch with your consciousness be awake alive it's not working no ill make it work.

6/24

meeting mama, baba at LAX. summer & yousuf!
logistical difficulties finding rental, going to hotel.
and then iftar at andaleeb's.
the house sort of striking me. not very well designed. the 3araby trinkets though. observing, staring.
man talk. some yung muslim phd candidate from the community there. str8 from blad (irbid).

6/25 (eid + san diego)

salat in the morning. vibrant, diverse muslim community. a lot of young fuckbois.
coffee, donuts, beaming sun. wandering with baba, then abdullah. yousuf buying a fidget spinner.
photos.

to san diego.
stop at andaleeb's. an image of: coffee thermos in honey bunches of oats container.
with stop at in-n-out on the way.

with baba, how dish dasheh should be either white or off-white.
a discussion, on the way, about customer service. baba believing this companies fail to do it right. me thinking: they are purposefully neglecting it, because they big, powerful.

shooshbarak. 3araby dumplings.

mama constantly citing, singining songs of the past.
yousuf keeping track of things in meter sticks and not meters.

starbucks points. stacking along the way. sending photos.

in SD, first, 2 hour boat trip. napping, chatting with summer & yousuf. kind of nice actually.
then - halal beach. picnic pop out.
leaving summer in car. a big deal, a big joke. but like yo we was gonna get her.

and dinner at turkish restaurant downtown. fooling around with summer, yousuf. playing a game of: would you rather x or y.

mama: 'the only dog i know is hot dog'

6/26 (universal)

today; morning, min workout. cottage cheese cold egg white forced healthy breakfast. baba, mama, yousuf. conversation about day. looking for courses.
and then: a poop. curated, intended. and in van. sleeping in ride. abdullah debating playing being loud loud, pop music (despacito good actually). but in my head. external communications forced. psychological phenomena dominating? the quiet introspective wandering childhood past.

universal studios.

in a line. kid trying to cut. other preventing him, telling him to be civil and adding 'this is america'.

monitoring health, wakefulness

many of these universal rides a reductive us vs them type of fight thing. little thought put into narratives.

6/27  (to yosemite)

driving to mariposa grove. bathroom stops all over the place. one stop in a subway 'in the ghetto' in fresno. bathroom not that clean. mama cleaning the bathroom. (third person lol, first person normality). eating the 6 inch sub. thinking: maybe should have ordered 12 inch sub. a real salient though.
on the way: recalling grad dinner. and may. mama asking a number of questions, granting permission for marriage. saying: are you sure, she has pink hair and piercings. baba declaring that stable people don't have pink hair. and decrying fads. my response: self expression, doesn't matter. a different standard. like dressing formally, but young. probably not the right argument in retrospect (something more like - dress however the fuck you want and be a good person).
baba - how he would like to create one product w khalas. maybe education assessment form type stuff.

'look at the wind farms, summer'. you can mention it in the journal you never write in.


two more bathroom breaks in next 45 min period.
mariposa grove closed! sad.
small 1.5 hr hike nearby.
friendly late 40s fit couple. one, a brown alum. talking about new semiotics major back in her day.

drink spilled. summer: i didn't spill. (really didn't drink was spilled). mama: so car spilled the drink? tension, fight.

keep slapping yourself to prevent mosquitos.

how dibi is actually a pain medication addict.
yousuf: 'i am connecting to the internet you meanie siri'
summer, a dare: i bet you won't give me a massage.

famiy like defective wind-up toys when hiking.

coming out, a little lost. frustration with baba for confidence in his bearings. [why am i so impatient?]

some pizza to go.

checking in to airbnb. impressed.

6/28 (yosemite, real hiking day)

'let's go to winery'. halal or haram yousuf?

mama, noor, squeamish. to baba: no hand gestures, keep hands on steering wheel.
all of south america looks this way, even bigger waterfalls

walking out: mama excited when discovering industrial vacuum. lint roller.

dibi sort of a drug addict.

end of day, andaleeb short 1000 or so steps of goal. outside, in dark, walking around in circles to reach goal.
just absurd.

6/29  (to SF)

late checkout.

getting to SF
baa cruising in the bike lane.

pointing out the beautiful, varied houses. a response: but is the plumbing good?

a conclusion from soreness arsing from hike previous night. mama and noor's butt's sore, therefore women get sore in butt. men in legs.

keep a tally of all potentially clean bathrooms.

yousuf: 'san francisco is like khobar'.

--
andaleeb - does not know how to be racist properly. sees asian at door and asks 'why aren't they mexican?'.

in ghirardelli:
discovering: i don't like sundaes, only straight ice cream. likes, dislikes.

at night:
water bottle delivery drama.

6/30 (SF)

brunch at mission beach cafe. mama: i want eggs from the cage.
learning to be fancy. baba asking for blueberry syrup in lieu of legit maple syrup. ihop as point of comparison, contextualization.

in mission, walking by 'good vibes' (vibrator shop), baba mistakes for bookstore.

ice cream shop: andaleeb filming interview with yousuf. 'how is your ice cream'. mistakenly missing the record button, the first enthusiastic 'it's amazing!' from yousuf devolving into a 'it's ah..mazing', impatient undertones.

abdullah asking yousuf wayn saifak? yousuf not understanding, abdullah bewildering. yousuf's response: 'i'm an english muffin, okay'.

post-dinner. a light drink, puffs.
dinner with hersh, colin. colin and baba hitting it off, talking about naps. other life philosophies?
with hersh, ruba, shatha, stories of syrians (saudi citizens) defending the kingdom.
coco restarting with bob. preparing for professor party.
talking to ruba about how religious her family is..
boston, montreal
some racist anti arab anti muslim stuff
i look at myself and i don't like it, i don't like it.


7/1 (SF - exploratorium)

exhibits like: red blue social experiment, leader follower ball movement, curved roads and square wheels, perception (hot, cold, color), social interaction (picking up pens, helping blind) around world

i'm not gonna live if i don't paint myself gold. life of dancing man, making living off tips. imagining that paint makes him detoriate

dinner at night, little delhi. yousuf spilling.
a discussion of: sects of islam that drank back in the day. what is fard in salat?
colin, a nice noise.
the right number of curries.
don't say humans have x-ray vision? something about grounding in reality.
playing: concentration, 64.

post dinner dessert, again at stella's.

'if she can walk, she is not homeless'.
drama of: nihaya ordering tiffany bracelets for everyone. asma declaring it fake. (real, actually). how, how rude.

7/2 (retro 7/5)

sf / hersh
waking up. bag ready, ignoring world, blasting music in bustling lobby. then to napa.
imagining hookup with shatha, feeling boost, burst of ego. and then imagining detachment, confidence, that arises when returning to alisse.
to: wine country. diner with a long wait. an appetizer, short drive, then returning for meal.
then - winery. being rich & classy doesn't seem so fun. rich and adventurous.

back to the house. tired & sluggish, all of us. on couch, sitting. taking a puff. playing 2k. so realistic. shots aimed. players getting tired. not doing unrealistic dunks. beating hersh as cavs.

(nodding like a pendulum, is she really listening)

ramen, waiting.

the thought of like whoa ten minutes just passed that's a lot of seconds what was i thinking in each of those seconds.

arabs who eat pork broth but not pork. emblematic of mindset.
at the ramen shop. hour-ish wait. slight altercation during wait. dude blocking list of names, saying: wanna look at the fucking list, look at it.
the busboy, incredibly engaged with everyone he speaks with. deciding if he's genuine.
a rough patch. and the couple at the window. man not eating, looking down. girl tilted towards him. no words exchanged.
sizing up the population

7/3

okay this morning
barely making flight
a last minute freak out: where did i leave bag? at security checkpoint. wow. truly absent minded.
a special shoutout for last call boarding. hey they said my name
aboard flight. lady at barrier giving me an indifferent look when i ask to go in. simply readjusts feet. kind of respect the attitude. sunglasses and stillness after.

drama duo: walk away.
why is 5 minutes in boarding time so precious
music as a treadmill for your thoughts.
if i were a doctor i would be a psychiatrist
pass out whole flight.

trip over so can remove alisse, girls, from do not disturb. sending obligatory sentimental messages. shayma + abdullah + hersh.
trip over so: vince staples, i was up late night balling, counting up hundreds by the thousands.
(was going to continue writing, ended p crashing through entire flight)

hard not to daydream. noor, mama, having experiences outwards. the world processed and regurgitated. for me, the world a background, a landscape for thoughts.

in at 4. josue, puerto rican uber driver. passionate. just in general. man there's the money, you gotta find the money. doing research - aka driving around - for some tech startup. and now doing uber. bought a new car b/c did not want to se mercedes. asking about being arab in contemporary american society. like yo it's shitty, been shitty.

then home. low energy. despite sleeping through entire flight. doddling, family specialty, for over an hour until we leave to southlake.
southlake. a motley of white people. texan. round families. thoughtful family activities though, crafts and fireworks and things. thinking: community. who is making this happen? well i guess this is cool.

'family life'. thinking about it. envisioning it. do i really want this?

walking around with summer and yousuf. freebies. crafts. scrutinizing children's creativity as hats are made.

iyad, kais's friend's friend, who we obligatorily met in dallas. friendly handshake. post fireworks, off to their house. sort of like fine and not so restless but also counting down to getting home, escaping people, activities. iyad's house. mediterranean style. huge, crazy high (40 ft) ceiling, with classy araby style furniture. not very comfortable. the mom i initially thought his daughter. looks good, with aid of a little plastic surgery.
the women talking about women things. relationships. interactions. the men, man things. jobs. investments.
at one point, talk of state of healthcare in america. why is the system broken? realizing i can't speak about this too clearly. but when iyad's starts talking in reductive way, feeling like my BS is superior to his. talks about how doctor's are just trying to make more money, form unions. and also how people in power profiting are preventing new tech like telemedicine, easier diagnostics from being integrated. and then a number of anecdotes, from baba and iyad. the basic, fundamental principle: service-based competition, rather than value-based.
and then: why i should buy a house, rather than rent. the best advice he wish he could have received. some good points, but not convinced.
sort of generalizing, or trying to generalize: how the arabs talk. how we talk. why there are rarely awkward silences in meet-ups like this. and realizing that the pace of conversation is agreed upon. not drawn out. focused less on the tangible idea. more on the process of sharing and listening. storytelling. is this just normal non-intellectual conversation.
but, but. the conversations often using 'one (al-wahad)', accompanied by statements about feelings in a certain stage of life, or common situation. the universal experience, reductive certainly. but reflection on thoughts/emotions done in a relatively thoughtful way? i don't know..
other snippets: iyad trying to enter one of the first BME programs. admissions officer jewish, denying him. taking a different route in engineering management. now at verizon for quite some time. happy to speak to fios and things.
how he would go on his own, consult, with universal healthcare.

7/4

looking at test.arcadiaanalytics. engineers taking everything too literally. a giant plus sign to replace add button. and that lingering border-bottom above the card labels. still there. gr.

up today at 11. mama. 9.5 hour sleep.
i'm on vacation // this is beautiful // enjoy enjoy // relaxation // be relaxed // relax relax

yousuf's report card. 4 on reading/writing. 3s for most others. B student. okay not like failing at least. summer asking for report card, over and over. conflicts, with baba.
(summer apparently straight 4s save for music)
this dr. parker medicaid article lingering but like no can't read it because out of the writing zone.

then baba walking in, sitting near me. and so, on to practical things: ordering hard drive. looking at cloud storage solutions. workouts. new workout schedule. crossfit? hm.

too horny to write, to think. thinking about alisse too much. most definitely more than she thinks about me. alisse don't fade, don't fade. (go into bathroom, full length mirror. look at self, from all angles. accepting only the best parts really, but trying to unequivocally love the self, love the self).
okay no don't sleep think about today.

today, mainly at home. late wake-up, taking time with gym, shower. 5ish by the time we leave house. adventure of day = donut ice cream sandwich. eh. and central market, a texas do-it-all grocery store.
then at home, eating msakhen. reviewing summer's movie scripts, telling yousuf to read. and watching daddy's home - mark wahlberg, will ferrell dad duel. mediocre but appropriate.

the recurring thoughts mainly like time passing time passing i need to do more be more. ambition sprouting out of fear & insecurity. okay.
putting all data on the cloud. and on a hard drive. could probably back up only the documents on cloud, rest on hard drive. need way to get music onto streaming services only.

behaviors: checking phone, snap, insta, facebook, many times. briefly. but checking.

why am i such a hardass? BE SUPER NICE NOW, JUST A FEW DAYS



7/5

continuing writing from coffee shop. crooked tree in dallas. sort of a homie vintage house, but somewhat incomplete vibe. my impression with some dallas joints. not minimal but incomplete. the coffee here okay. but wifi, quiet, ostensibly respectful people. the hipsters stand out as hipsters. ripped jeans, all navy clothingwith the white vans. workers arranging new set of artwork.

clams casino pre-writing.

this morning, eating some yogurt with banana. mama suggests other things i could have added to my yogurt. cinammon, granola, friends. debating costco's opening hours.

okay off for coffee coffee.
okay so what are some of the recurring fantasies.

thinking about myself and my demeanor around family.  how i'm quiet, and terse. some respect for family, thinking maybe they have actually accepted me the way i am. which is sort of an annoying way to be.

(okay now writing retrospectively)

start tweeting, develop a style.

some girls think i'm cute so that's all i need right?
UT student / alum and i at coffee shop exchanging glances

clams casino to produce noise in my head

--

THEMES

a focus on causality and deliberateness
(like incident with summer and car)

PATTERNS

externality of social demeanr


maybe in thought visual people can add in their own thoughts under the list. how are they going to be delineated?

parents getting old

similarity to baba & mama. a futile exercise? my baseline came from genetics. now work with what i got?

damn parenting is so selfless

woof.
thoughts.
many spilling, unfiltered, uncaught. no writing, no reflection.

listening now to drama duo. the initial listen. too simple, repetitive. album art like trees that's whatever. now, meditative, catchy. still not that nuanced. hint of melancholy making it real. where my brain is.
brain has been: shuffling. unsatisfied. some sza here. tame impala revisiting. nosaj. at night, grouper, william baskinski. looking for something new but not open enough maybe.

in car though, slightly high, rich moments listening to music. big boi. nosaj. drama duo. friends.
a lot of car over weekend. drive to nyc. dead battery returning from subway. siavash, resigning himself to just sleep in the car immediately. waiting for roadside assistance, sitting in dunkin donuts. talking to chynaa. about: recent injury. planned drive to florida. then, everything really. drug-dealing ex. jeep ownership. parents. smoking an eighth of weed a day, working 2 jobs, and going to school? uh, chynaa? roadside assistance over, man with family. no response to: how are you, how long can i drive with this battery.
but to manhattan, parking spot, around 2:30. smoke a bit outside w may, listen to music, doze off, and then really doze off.

the drive back. early. first from warwick. full car, hilly. then to williamsburg, home. traffic. radiant sun. juxtaposed with tim hecker. siavash beaming, carrying over amazing, fulfilling day. too much driving, very little weekend.

battery swap early sat morning - auto shop just another manhattan building in upper east side. debating botanical gardens in the rain? deciding: bk to see lena. house sitting. white cat.
manhattan to see emma, with lena. like enjoying it, but too much transience. unable to enter the zone. dinner super nice tho.
oh and warwick. a full camp crew. a little cooler than extrapolation from just the few i've met. some beautiful beautiful girls (chanice). a little high, tired coming in. having a drink. extra loose, extra tired. observing flipcup. maybe talking to some people? i don't know. hazy. mostly adam probably. and then: playing beer pong & .. doing extremely well.
chilling until like 1am, then sleeping in jungle treehouse that is amanda's family home. incredibly cluttered, convoluted, in a slightly charming co-opy type of way. basement smell pervading. waking up. ready. to go.
a lingering thought after: why did may suggest i come? i didn't want to. very lightly conveyed that.
could have obviously avoided situation by being more assertive. the issue though: wanting it to come from her because it should. but this is silly. i should just get my way.

home after. working out in room a little. half-working. cleaning things. briandead, lying on floor, dim lights, with siavash, chatting. ready to, ready to sleep extremely early. but: summoned by alisse. to her house. her wearing mismatched workout clothing. cute. good sex. strawberries. espresso in the morning.

prev wed, thu. with alisse as well. wed late night, i think mainly in bed. thu,
alisse.
airplane cold.

dinner with alisse yesterday

be more confident around alisse. i'm cool.

ui stuff
career

2017-07-23
—
time spent looking at — to feel better about the body, my body
(effective. me. normal. like a — star)

thinking about the studio situation and actually happy about it
actually
happy

alisse this weekend
i like her
don’t think about sex so much it’s all good she likes me and i have a great body and all that
abs or bones?
we have a day baller ?
day balling / night balling

superficial things:
5 new pairs of glasses
potential closet room
next year as all me me me
emerge stylish, smart, creative, producer
maybe studios for the rest of my life
next pair of shoes vans or blazers or something more comfy?

work on
liking those stomach folds
tolerating

the torment / torture of previous night, thoughts of plisse
siavash & things

7/27

aiming to empty brain, get out. in sort of a contrived way. so after things (little lift, shower, cooking), walking to davis. vash on the way. drink? no. need to take shoes off? of course, your schedule, your schedule. me walking, air beautiful, brain running.
wanting to text alisse.
but the last time i said how are you feeling. so cannot say that
and cannot say how are you, too similar?
the loop lingering for 30m.
until at davis, mushroom guitar man has friend/hype man. impetus.
20m no reply yielding uneasiness.
'be aware of this thought. it's trivial. notice it. validation should not be so fragile'. trying this, earnestly, when text from alisse arrives, attempts vanish, i am..whole.
(and later, little texts with alisse. her coming home late 10:45 - and somehow that makes me anxious. stuuupid)

observe the evernote interface.
look: filters on their notes.
why are we slow to develop? this would be a big deal. b/c data model changes that are required? hm, even with data model. slow.
thinking about the sidebar. the invo made. not digging. the issue is words are better than icons. can actually still have same labels? words are: chart, info, care plan,

siavash, all 4 channels going. what is guiding these sounds into structure?

adam's exit interview. an empathetic, attentive HR person. quirky/scattered during larger meetings, but, shows intelligent in smaller setting. sticking with me. catharsis. adam: astute and clear observations as to flaws in organizational structure.

the constant: 'when will i be promoted' internal conversation. doing so much, compensated so little.

damn siavash coming far in production. would love to do same.

with siavash talking about - emotional intelligence. women better managers. how - social intelligence usually amounts to being nice. like that is best way to serve your self. hm. examples of director who everyone wants to work with. great at listening, guiding conversation. and me thinking: upper management at arcadia actually not good at this. not good at facilitating conversation and exchange of ideas. idea of extra consideration/niceness being self-serving. or self-beneficial rather.

last weekend: kendrick. flames. not visceral flames. just oh really good performance. leading up to it: basketball in quirky court (stopping, sweaty, at alisse's). home and. another stop at alisse's. then pregaming, gin, 2 joints. extra faded actually. did not seem that way.

okay. a show. put things in my brain.


8/2

early in bed.
slightly hungover, post nico.
a text from alisse, lingering from last night 'would be down to meet in a little. invitedh er to concert, after deliberation. a no, kate's last night. vira, backup.

thought of: am i product designer, product strategist product product.. am i am i proomote me why am i not promoted blah blah. thinking hard about this.

last night. a little restless. waiting for sia. alaleh comes home. asking her about summer. mine, hers, moves, the moves.

need to slow the brain down, i think.

yahya telling me about his epiphany. i see this bottle as a bottle, and nothing else. asking asking but he cannot describe.

rothman. open-minded, lazy moocher. an epicurean. believes in indulgence as a philosophy.

i should produce music.

reef. hard to get excited about anything.

in cab with vira. who we were in high school. her a little uptight.

my favorite arabs.

a pee spot.
smoking outside.

the concert amazing and captivating. eyes closed most of the time.

but all these thoughts about ego. looking around, dance with me? are you dancing with me? this is ego, my ego, my ego. so big.

writing last night: on meditation, scared of awareness.

2017-08-08
—-
tuesday morning pre-work.
pot boiling water for ginger for stomach.
20 minutes after wake-up. alert because sleep. coffee restriction because sleep.
30 minutes to write because why start day immediately.
backlog of emails.

okay work lately. like focused care management work time.
new inline comments on my confluence pages. sort of exciting maybe.
mixing up these new task types.

yesterday stomach pain and yet biting and watching myself eat bite.
that is restlessness.

okay.
things.
to think about.
hey how was your summer?
is a silly question.

last week, tuesday. nico jaar. who should i invite should i invite alisse b/c wanna be cool or eric, others b/c wanna focus on music. eric first, alisse no, then vira.
2 hour stream of dancing. mostly amazing. some thoughts of ego. like ego is watching others when dancing like hey do you notice i’m dancing, having fun?
before concert. drinks n things. w alaleh, walking to orleans to munch with yahya and sia. and then drinking listening to vince staples and friends after. yahya telling me about his epiphany. cannot describe, cannot imagine. but he feels, is, different. siavash, apparently, has had multiple. lingering on the thought.
at the concert, a great crew. middle eastern. reef. rational, able to laugh and things. but, an inability to feel excited about thins.

new glasses. excited, then, decidedly not excited.

this work thing is cool for maybe another two years.

hm.

8/15

ego is
at nico concert wanting others to watch me dance.
in bed, thinking of how i look (and not at the beautiful girl next to me)
looking at the photo right after it’s taken
photo booth
checking insta
thoughts of hanging with alisse’s friends, them thinking i’m cool
the idea of her more than her
rampant lately

ego is
pointless to think about. countered by ignoring, but not ignorance.
feeling good, for now

yesterday with alisse. seeing coco may daryl somehow casting a broader scale on this relationship. a push to extract meaning. prematurely.

the show about the show. the organist. caveh zahedi. filming everything life, even at the expense of his own relationships, for the greater good.

colin, may, daryl. natural, beautiful.
things we did.

transitions and moving.


8/17

okay not real real writing last time
not in mood.
or.
well. spent time instead stripping naked, looking at amateur sex - body is normal/good. other penises curve like mine.
24, in room, looking at porn, looking at me (photo booth), evaluating logically, objectively. actually somewhat enlightening. my penis is healthy, good.
a superficial self-love: based in elevating myself.
but. direct. effective. true.
i’m okay when aroused. what about when naked, soft. do i lie there. is that okay okay normal. googling and: no consensus. many guys putting clothes on immediately. some lying there.
wow way too much thought put into the penis.
but bodies, body image.
bodies: my beauty aligning too much with society. lately. scrutinizing faces as aesthetic objects. imagining many as lovers. the appeal.
the question of: how does everyone find love? alignment of standards? but how can people be happy with alignment of standards? does not work with money, class. though i suppose social class often accepted (reluctantly?), in the same way.

now
the thought 'i need more mental clarity’, brewing with desire for productivity, unwillingness to work on work work. resulting in:
hodgkins-curtis park. cars as ambience, the odd beep climbing into foreground of consciousnesss. mosquitos as background. sitting on bleachers.
adjacent, indian girl speaking, mostly in hindi (?), peppering in english. serious but not grave. does not acknowledge initially. later. shoots glance. conversation carrying her out of seat
trees swaying. construction. kids and accompanying parents.  airplane groan.
poke in hand. reviewing. no cucumber next time. counters firmness of meal.
  lately, no self control when eating. pita chips out, entering mouth mechanically.
a hot couple. a triangle. mushroom man playing as usual. today, more hipsters than usual in dais.the sky white, woven.
two birds. birds cannot sit still.
life is rich on paper now.
the sound muted here, grass absorbing or something.

a smart thought, i thought today: how words that are ‘fancy’ - SAT words, average joe does not know - have definitions shaped by fanciness. like cordial is sort of a cold friendliness. to me at least. would use friendly for actually friendly. cordial to imply a more distance.

what should i pack what do i take should i take decorations, strip vibes?
yesterday, day before, moving. pete, siavash walking in. pete visibly high, siavash by association. still polite, attempting to be attentive. stumbling slightly. talk, mainly, of housing. me: abrupt flinch, realizing i left candle lit in new apartment. pete, siavash deciding between symbolically blowing candle at my place. decision is the latter, under 10 minute constraint (bed time approaching for vash). pete excited to see what i will do with the space.

super frustration with siavash when returning from trip sunday night. emerging from nap (on may’s lap). slightly spacey in my speech, mind cloudy. had day smoked - 8 hours earlier. so sober. siavash giving attention, mental space, but not to listen, but to scrutinize. interrupting my story and asking: you’re speaking slowly, did you smoke?
more frustrating than someone who does not listen: someone who listens for faults.

fuck i love colin, may, daryl. the weekend a stream. all i want in a relationship is: coexistence, comfort, feeling natural
daryl: if only i could bang you guys type thing actually very sweet

peeling off cute food people decal from kitchen. a thought of: peeled vibrant decal, an insta with the caption: ‘moving’. but. photo not good. in new apt, trying to hang up the little food people. one end sticking to another. chaos. codependency. variables. algebra. is this how you teach algebra?

the things i write about, that i talk to myself about: are the things i do not talk to people about? no. that sounded insightful for a second, like i was getting somewhere.

a to-do item, just now, emerging: talk to nick about cm registry. today at work, incredibly scattered. probably an hour spent just on google keep. re-arranging the ‘small’ to-do list. separating headers with ‘——‘. no that’s not nice, so instead ‘- - - -‘ above and below header. multiple iterations to get there.
okay i guess i like the new calendar design. my design approach is: concise, minimal.
would like to start a style guide for the web app/company.
lately at work feeling like a worker and not all-encompassing knowledge hungry, reputation-wary like i should be. just doing my thing. leaving when i wanna leave. just what i’m doing.
these people love their jobs. on the daily. on the yearly.
how much money are curved scrollbars worth?
calculating full dev effort, and cost. RA engineers paid a 200k yearly salary. and this is: super cheap for contracting software engineers? working from cheap city.
care management is mine it’s my baby i must know, learn everything.
today.
the drive to work in the morning. a morning cup of coffee with alisse. good, feeling good. cannot focus music though, shuffle shuffle. office at 8am.
engineers have feelings too, conclusion after triage. pressing them to finish finish now. need estimates end of week. that is, i suppose, a little unreasonable. they hate nick love nick hate nick.

how drastically work perspective has shifted, broadened in past year. doing creative things > making impact (and doing creative things that are more arty/projecty, less: ui perhaps.

meeting amy, new roommate. bright, engaged eyes. broody, bearded boyfriend. starting to talk to boyfriend (partly an instinct to acknowledge the unacknowledged?) but noticing that i am giving the man more attention (when i will have no connection to him). her: reasonable cordial logical. a quiet, understate me emerging.

the colorful courts of albion street, playing basketball. running through the fountain afterwards. (why am i so streaky in basketball? the question ever-present, and yet, lately, weighty, symbolic of something greater. that’s silly.)

yesterday awaking a dream of: catching up with celeste. her living in a beach near nyc? and then texting, intent on catching up. a nice story.

writing as a way of solidifying thoughts. leaving things that shouldn’t be judged, should be gooey alone. alisse?

alisse remembering all the little things, like ‘my friend’s friend’ is a hand model. shit when did i say that? i should never make ‘my friend’s friend’ statements. her judgement of me: worrying. but also: this thought pattern. to me: an odd, tangential, somewhat original thought. but brain going through the same pathway twice, in what i assume is much different context.
realistic dreams are sad, i say. no, exploring real dreamworlds can be nice, says alisse. okay.
yes okay leave the feelings gooey.
yesterday, picking her up late: 11:30. failing on two attempts to roll joint, the third mediocre. alisse done with apps so i bring: joint, strawberries, water, speaker. strawberries used. shannon beach. peaceful, static. talk of: friends. amman for ex. friends leaving.
in head: approaching conversation of past relationships with alisse and..not liking it. get over this - then have conversation.
beautiful, calm, moments with alisse last night.
an ongoing conversation with alisse why i explain to her why i like her?
yesterday thinking to tell alisse: i like you. but the moment not right. and like: why now? i’ll see her later, eventually.
(do not measure affection, quality of time)

dreams vanishing on the first non-dream thought is a weird thing. how tenuous.

embrace the face. embrace the face. do not try to make face not look long. do not seek joy in the rare moments where outfit, lighting, contours of face creates a more chiseled, balanced face. do not. embrace the face. your face is long. your head is small. and it looks - okay.
may saying: i look like a cartoon character. big eyes and all. hm. okay.
looking at photos of me not searching for a good one. but: attempting to accept each one. as me. this is me. and this is me and me and me.
my appeal, to others.
what i have to offer is: liveliness. i am alive. very alive. alive ~= passionate.

i say hm, i say mm a lot. that’s okay.

days shorter.

look i didn’t work out today and it’s only 8 and dinner in belly, all this writing, sunset, life fluttering.

2017-08-28
—
today, monday
out of work at 5. or 4:30. lately not even 8 hours.

a second cartilage piercing. contemplating a lobe as well. grey and matte. thinking thinking. anxious to pierce. done. okay. this is good.



just now. amy and girija. house meeting. what do you do? and then, and then: logistics. sort of proudly. no skirting around really. me: would like to think that organic conversation happened, meander before reaching logistics. amy: down to the details.

thinking about my long face. how to embrace the face. embrace the face. like i can just accept that i have a long face. stop trying to pick perfect angle. when it looks nice, it looks nice. i have dimension. some nice features. work with what i can. body is an object. pierce the object. look at the object. frame the object. big eyes.

how to redesign the website? next wave of projects: web development.

this morning: so fundamentally good. have not been so happy in a while? holistically.

weekend with alisse so nice.
you're cool conversation

interview with lauren

setting up the new place.

blue carpet.

(like like not really writing)

8/30

mon moshtari. #embracetheface. looking at my face and thinking this face is long. stopping. staring. embrace. the face. say it. embrace. the face. not fully convinced.
staring at the mirror.
the selfie video of me with piercing. playing it, over and over. 'some angles i look good'. no that is not the right type of thinking. the face. all of it. is me. the imperfections.
somewhat convincing: body as object. clothing. piercing, especially convincing. as like. this is this thing. and i want to make it look a beautiful as possible. like an apartment or something. but. there are limits. accept it. embrace it.
this is progress. like. i am a constraint. i am an object. poke me pierce me dress me feel me. this **
the more healthy train of thought: body is this thing. a part of me. an extension of me. accept in all forms, fluctuations variations. well no. not accept. love i suppose. or accept. be neutral. or maybe think broader. just like: the body is a system, internal, external. things pumping moving squirming squishing. and, it is a result of so many crazy weird processes and so we all are a little weird and dysfunctional and imperfect (most). and so much of is: decent, good. and so: love these bits, appreciate these bits. accept the weirdness. i am an organism.
and another train of thought: decolonize your beauty standards.
but anyway. walking around the house naked lots. i can get down with that.
so think about:
--
1) i am an object poke pierce me
2) i am an organism flub a dub dub squirm squish and i am alive and vital and well and in some ways nice looking
3) decolonize your beauty standards - they are disregarding the crazy and weird and drastic variation among us and choosing a single ideal version.
--
okay this process of: texting alisse, watching phone, patiently for text. waiting, doing other things because like whatever doing other things just sent out a feeler: and then thinking: her not wanting to chill, not feeling so good, etc. and then: her down. and
and like texting her to test her. text test.
stupid stupid.
she likes me.
i am fine and doing things and productive on my own.
--

this past weekend: so beautiful. whole. peaceful. how i'm feeling.
fri: ammar's surprise party. good. talking to: maulika. lots. balling before, with 11 year old. then shawarma place, mediocre, no special arab treatment.
drinking a lot and passing out, at alisse's, instantly. not enuf sleep. professing my liking for alisse. 'you're pretty cool'. what do you mean? 'i mean i like you'. her: that's obvious. you're cool too. and passing out, feeling silly, but mostly sleepy.
(next day coming up. asking: do you like me? of course.)
with alisse a slow morning: breakfast at 3 little figs. conversation heavy, day light. okinawa, and palestine. alisse: i consider myself jewish. and me: thoughts about. palestine. birthright. all of it, all of it. going in. her: supportive, you can use strong language. phew. okay.
and then talking about okinawa. culture destroyed because not allowed to speak language. you are one of us, but not one of us. you do not exist.
at house unloading unpacking configuring erranding selling rug (the friendly guy colin, seeing him at gym this morning 'rug is great') and then, reconvene for piercing. a little nervous maybe and considering what if mama and baba found out? the end. and the pain?
banana bread at diesel > pierce
subtle.
want more.

back to house. unpacking things. then: groceries, cooking. salmon n friends. bottle of wine outside.

sunday. hike / walk with reef and mina. beautiful day. weighty, yet floaty conversation. mina's approach to writing. west african / russian family. north carolina.
and the mexican restaurant in dorchester after. sea breeze. waittress brimming with smile. a weird pressed banana type of thing. it's okay.
back and day evaporating. cooking cleaning arranging.

---

house
--
for the house i need a rug but a flag rug type of thing.
staring at walls they feel like they're moving

snapchat, instagram, fb, checking rate up like crazy past few weeks.

health, routine
--
not much sleep last night. because: chemically, maybe too much caffeine throughout day. but thoughts running, flooding. not circular. just, so many streams. and only way to sleep: right side, because piercing.
energy
super horny and thinking maybe text alisse? but work and things to do so not textin.

up early tho, for gym. driving to davis: works.

cloudy, rainy. not super down for work. but finishing these care mgmt reports. that's like cool. idk getting other stuff done but mostly distractions.

and then: conversation about promotion during check-in meeting. titles. initially suggested intermediate title. and now not? looking at end of spring for product manager promotion. but also suggesting i wouldn't get the full salary bump? wtf?
home and shuffle shuffling through music, a restless frustration

--

siavash over, last night. this japanese artist. who also works with visual artist. amazing, perfectly synchronized pieces. and also: sound that resonates (emotionally), even at low volume. perfectly balancing, piercing through.`
siavash creating facebook 'plan' (?). named love. hand in hand.
ayesha khan dripping with empathy

--

living alone not so lonely
--
so much to think about the space. spreading out the lighting. hanging light. floor. floor cushions.


9/4

okay long weekend.
most of it spent with alisse.
entering territory where relationship is this tangible thing
like: alisse thinking to how we met on tinder / that being weird, kind of funny.
adding each other on Facebook, leading to conversations of younger, awkward selves. alisse roughly the same, no awkward phase really.
remember when you didn’t know my name?
when you wore overalls on the ICA date. kate: how was your date? good. he wore overalls. cue laughter.

saturday a birthday-focused day.

so much thinking about the face.

lost salon.
underground & relation to reef

weird karaoke on friday

yesterday afternoon: decordova sculpture museum. post breakfast, weird sex that was quite good but then slipped out, each of us half coming, and me no longer feeling because slippage makes me feel weird? slipping is slipping. what ev. i’ve had *great* sex with alisse. each of us finish, most times. sometimes one feels weird. sometimes one doesn’t feel it. i am one, i am normal.
also talking about my penis. alisse making a comment. and me saying i used to think my penis was so weird. her saying it’s nice. ‘not that curved’. it’s a good one.

museum, anyway, beautiful. sunny, mild, pretty out. ogling, pacing slowly. narrow, distorted face made of marble. mushy melted people. cylindrical sheet metal, many adjacent tunnels. mirrors / glass / many photos. oh and - the music installation. sticks on metal. crisp, beautiful sounds. (evoking the podcast about musical houses in new orleans).
‘a nice place to trip’ = next weekend?

thoughts of narrow face - pervasive. need to. embrace the face. exposure. embrace. at lost salon, wanting to catch a stare at the mirror. the mirror somehow real because, so 3d. an entire crowd of people around me. a social setting. this is real. what i look like, in front of people. ‘what do i look like now’. ‘what about now’. this. is a little silly? don’t think of friends and people i know this way? generally know their faces.
my face is not beautiful. i know this. it is not terrible. when it is long, or too long, it is just - slightly displeasing. a different shape. length is not some weird traumatic thing for others. maybe it it is for just me.
**this. face. body. appearance. aesthetics. so pervasive this week. stealing every glance to look at myself. in every light.
taking videos of myself to see that i am i human with dimension, angles.
dimension, angles, what saves me.
looking at old Facebook photos of me (most okay. except stopping, pausing at this one long-faced one. and like: accept the face. embrace the face. this is not ‘a bad angle’. there are no bad angles. just: the face.
(also: very distracted lately)
stealing a glance to be vain - so that, in the future, i can be more comfortable and less vain. though is looking at the mirror really solution? sort of? because i look at myself.
maybe some body meditation would help too.
accept the +/-. the margin of error. in body. in face.
coming home, post concert. staring at self naked in mirror. while jerking off. with video. delete video. new video. show face, head on. it’s a long face. study it. look at it. try to imagine this from a different perspective. another person. without these biases. i have biases.

facebook all curvy border-radiusy

ingrid following me on insta, liking one fb photo. hard not to think is deliberate, but also, incredibly passive. wants 2 be friend? okay, we can be friend.

a long struggle to add shelf. hand screwing. long screws not going n. another round. brackets. done. placement okay, sonically.
reef’s sound assessment: basement is good because: textured walls, low ceiling, carpet, little glass.

dinner with reef @ crib. talking largely about work. wanting to talk about life & life.
but getting into work early. me about steward project and responsibility but the frustration of having a low title. and also being taken advantage of with crazy hours. and how i’m such a small percentage of this project.
gr. like excited or something to start the project.



—
smelltorp table, outdoor rug, wooden crates, pillowcases: remaining items for the house.
--
talking through every bit of the house with alisse, sharing excitement with her.
damn this girl is cute / hot / everything - but you’re cool don’t forget don’t forget.

oh a new piercing initially like: too feminine. but now, good.

with vira talking about self-love, americans and too much self-love. little self-hate/doubt healthy.

giving amy a dirty glance when walking on rug with shoes. really should not have. just kindly asked to remove.

digging deep into Facebook to remove old photos. looking into aliases’ Facebook, nervously, expecting boyfriends of years past. none found.
**but but this is something i need to get over. kind of bracing when i heard about aliases’ party days on like — the fourth date. that’s absurd. no relation, relationship at that time. just 1 or 2 hookups.

morning writing, twenty minutes go.

continuing 8/29 morning. hard to wake up. cold, dark in basement of course. but.

—
songs about: liking the idea of you
about: my face
songs called: i wanna smoke dope with you

sending a bitmoji to congratulate. redownloading bitmoji, spending 10 min, somehow a romantic gesture.

asshole :
you can’t wear shoes in here when i can

okay 9/8 continuing

in basement. not enough sleep. feeling it. up 2 early, alisse having to be punctual.

the days of: wake up at 5 to work. grind grind. feeling like long ago. though maybe returning soon.
was i allll that productive? maybe i was? feeling like output now is much less.
resigning to forces of unproductively immediately as of lately. like: this don’t work. done done peace. today, 3pm. not productive. home. nap.

nap - dreaming i was kirby in super smash bros. playing with alisse i think? her flying high, me catching up, huffing and puffing. almost making it. then, falling. waking up. real life, out of breath. terrifying for a second. until realizing: oh, was just kirby that’s why.

—

organist podcast today

—

google keep, to-do lists. interesting source of life documentation? uh. maybe no, too much extrapolation required.

today the organist podcast about digital artist/programmer + writer friend. coding application to live write. 5 hours / day, writer is writing on web app. while others can watch him write, live. on the side, chat room. unfiltered.
the premise: moving back to old internet when people do whatever the fuck they wanted. idk wistfulness for 90s internet not resonating. but the concept on its own great.
sort of related to the journal project.
realistically will have to get this thing timed? do you see stranger typing live? or. do you just get the end result? or every few minutes you get something?

***need to make digital art
healthcare tech okay cool making difference within corporate constraints exerting power influence with hint of creativity and vision look i’m smart look i’m real can succeed in real job etc
but digital art. aesthetics. thinking of form. less creative constraint. ability to: think of how people interact. society, media, culture. those things. more logic.

oh work yesterday at BIDCO mainly good - strategy meeting w/ sarika and co sort of pointless but interesting. excited by idea of integrated care management system new way of taking care of patients innovative cool cool.
where is the conversation about care?

corporate world.

—
i say it a lot but the next big thing me to address (other than - embrace the face, embrace the body) is jealousy / possessiveness over girls.

alisse getting me a plant


9/26

okay just straight facts because that’s what i’m doing

yesterday - working that 9-5, strict

sunday / nosaj thing.
well morning, slowly, with alisse. up early, ready to start day. then breakfast, sex, before loyal nine. sex things: slipping out is normal. you’re good. etc. these things, recently, adding up. confidence.
sunny. backyard. sitting cross-legged, looking at each other.
okay then loyal 9 work making bidco prez okay cool.
body rhythms in sync. food. desires
& then - alisses’. working as she does groceries. routing to my house, shortly after.
a yummy soba meal.
sexual tension.
but no, i have to go.
rolling joint as alisse cleans. then leaving. her telling a story. after me saying something about how vash thought she was kind of a booty call. her saying ‘trisha thought something, on our third date’.
more retrospective, us as a relationship entity talk. her sort of in limbo maybe like 1-2 months in. not knowing what i want. should i see others? because, surely, them lined up.

at nosaj thing
—
the girl noticing my osaka shirt. her small town labeled. my at first, thinking i offended her by wearing. but her approving, actually.
running into: lynette (signaporean girl who went to raffles + brown) and her bf. her in yale law, him at google. him, nice. seemingly not pissed off at eric overtly hitting. us talking about: tech, piercings. i think.
music: i don’t really remember all that well. i mean, recalling nosaj things songs i knew. sounding different, but good, bouncing around in brighton music hall. jacque green, more drummy, more bassy. me, eric: swaying in a mostly frozen crowd.
reef there with girl he met at coffee shop. april. unexpected, somewhat. tight dress. friendly. her friends younger - one of them not 21. walking to a liquor store for a second.
the cab ride back. i suppose, 1 joint, 5 gin and tonics in, i am tipsy. coming in quietly. her asking how i am doing. the words heavy, coming out of my mouth. but then - somehow, finding myself in warm back and forth. talking about her raising children as young mom. mama doing the same. extended. really sharing about mama and how she raised us so young. and jaded now. hearing about her life. ‘wow, you were so quiet when you first got in the car’.
home and snacking, i think, on pita chips and maybe peanut butter and things.
passing out, promptly.

so horny lately.

yesterday / monday - hungover, slight-deprived, overall dysfunctional and unproductive. leaving home promptly.
today: 9 hours of sleep. restored. not restless. just 1 piece of gum. focused.

studying new ios. sluggish on my phone. but the transitions - right. slide, not fade. font weights. much thicker. more contrast everywhere. no need to squint. info is clear clear. big bold headers. inspiration, maybe, for referral app?

ugh these nurse care managers really don’t get the tech
okay no no i have to cater to them

saturday - bbq as journey

referral app today.


9/30

my main concern:
does self awareness destroy the self

life is good. say it without reservations.

listening to all voice memos, prompted by ruby’s field recording project
recordings of:
mama, nihaya, raeda (?) all talking simultaneously
shabazz at afropunk, girl complaining that her feet are dirty.
nico jaar, very crystal clear
conversations. lighting a joint in vermont. trying to record nature but recording banter when smoking.
nature baselines
banter w casey

hearing my voice, not hating as much lately
looking at me, not hating as much lately

okay body appearance things
new glasses. before buying: super confident i want them. trial run. sunny optimistic day feeling good looking good.
then buying. ah. i don’t know. is it weird. does it make my face look longer. staying in same pose. before and after photo. another, another. looking at the mirror. going to bathroom, really, to look at the mirror. looking at the window. walk near the window. get a glimpse. of me. really. over and over. total glances = 30? more? so vain. and like: my face is the same. each next glimpse hoping to have a more concrete opinion. well actually, really, hoping that i will just like the glasses, and face w glasses, unequivocally. uncomf w glasses.
but now i think okay they’re pretty good bridge is not ideal but shape is great for my weird face so settled.
alisse assuring me of so many things. slipping out in sex is normal. etc. trying new positions.

now, nude. abs not in best shape. shoulders / arms kind of big (like me big). that shape. touching, staring at self. turning self on through ego appeal…actually not that effective. this, maybe a good thing? so really, need to think of the other person, connection / love / attraction they have to you.

yesterday - work remote. cove co working space. reef joining later. a cute barista, bleached short white hair, mom jeans, eyebrow piercing. talking about a show in providence. friendly. maybe like down. me kind of wanting to go to show in providence. be free and alive.
okay yes admit i sort of have a type. it’s quiet weirdos or supa hipsters.

deciding: no, work.

for a little. until 7:20. then groceries, cooking w reef. a walk first, talking about: finance. circular thoughts. my conclusion: finance is a vehicle for creating inequality. rewards things/people that are already rewarded because they are successful. but: allows for risk. other people to try things out. so i guess, regulation in a financial system = ideal situation.
reef driven away from finance because it is: creating from nothing.
but you need to know it to win?
then dinner: about his family after mom passing away. ruby, little bro, holding up well. salmon, taking forever to cook. sauce, ravioli. okay, but satisfying.
reef’s friends from different walks of life. music. many baristas. school. me. not sure if he can bring them together.
shabazz palaces to cap the night, describing the concerts.

a convo with vash. finding he was in boston for a week pending bed bug removal. did not hit a boy up. i suppose, the others closer to his work. but i mean a mere holla. tension? probably not. just disinterest. but: staying here pre-GRE. me like the boring girlfriend or something? just. don’t think about it. it’s vash.

alisse asks: how your weekend is. i can’t reply to that.
(okay 30 min later, post bathroom a ‘reply to text before doing anything else rule’. effective. quick)

today. waking up, a little bit of work. and then feeling tired, half napping. eating. hanging things / cleaning. stretching working out. wow where day go.
sharing photos of room with people. reception: quite good. nick: v enthusiastic. wow. really well done. art good. hanging things low = good idea. pallets clever. noor: stylish. maliha: where is that looks good. may: i’m impressed.
ego, of course, absorbing all of this.
but also - hey. i did. put it together, relatively quickly. the vision coming through.
i can design, i can be a designer.
break down the elements. think of reactions. observe. how does this make you feel? imagine how others feel? repeat.
that’s all.

thinking about categorizing thinking
like this is what makes you smart, productive, powerful.

signing up for hacking arts. this panel on music. this other digital art thing. idk these buzzwords are perfect for me.
linkedin searching and re-structuring. okay i sound kind of good on paper now. but like design-wise:  how do i prove that am i good designer? can’t share my work. or maybe i can? can i ask arcadia permission to do this? prob not?
but then - say i leave arcadia. would need to so with: solid solid front-end interactive prototyping, xd experience. maybe some indesign? really wouldn’t need. but anyway. a true designer. maybe refine the projects i have, do 1-2 other new. feasible in 1 year.
then i leave.  do i become APM? hybrid designer/developer feasible. hybrid designer/PM i suppose also feasible? strength in career = 1 person team type of thing.
b/c like wanna either 1) get that dough / do something kind of cool or 2) artsy super cool thing. not qualified for 2. very cool and experienced for the 1. maybe the 1 > grad school > 2. or 1 > part-time work / consulting > 2. so the paths are: product director, or or
remember that venn diagram? the different paths and progressions. and now, wow. bam. < 1 year and there.
be thankful.

mama ‘fast the day of ashusra’. link to article which i intend to read as good son but damn that’s a little too long.

okay so an easy first project to get back into coding: refining previous visuals. and then: a lists visual. maybe start with the categorized lists.

thinking of my piercing // love them // do i get more // i don’t want to remove.
part of me, now.

yesterday. a little on edge, at a point. over caffeinated. juggling too many tasks. and then playing danny brown. and: loving. sort of riding this wave of mania.

thoughts i want to capture, throughout week. now, though. too calm, collected.

—

writing not about things about: emotions. about: live approach to thinking.

—

2017-09-27
—
feelings about work

People not talking about ideas. Just tasks. Innovation, brainstorming?
Results of personality test. Sort of depressed and like maybe I chose wrong career?
work getting progressively better.
but still, in head, forming exit strategy.
thinking, how can i extract skills that i want from this company, make myself appealing to creative places

classifying the types of thinking this job may demand.
visualizing how i can move within this company to accentuate creative side. like maybe do data analysis and visualization on the side.
but, why push push for creativity, squeezing it out this rigid structure, when i can start in an altogether different place,
that is from the ground-up, creative, innovative. even traditional consulting sounds far more dynamic.

*not enough talk about ideas here. meetings, immediate issues are discussed. problems, tickets, troubleshooting.
even if logical problem-solving is challenging..does not seem to have aspect of innovation, pushing boundaries.
am i in a job that is not at all conducive to personality?

at best, getting paid to problem-solve/code. cs-applicable skills, and maybe data science/data design skills.
keep feeling pulled to draw career/personality path map.
what can i do with this?
but, what next? feeling like i'm starting too too ground-up. sort of discrediting thought that starting in backend
will inform future work. because so deeply entrenched
observations: not interacting with people much. presentation, personal skills, not practice. just logical problem-solving. attention span.



9/15 - day 5

mindset:
overall. mind, racing, running. sharp but scattered. relatively focused at work - that is, on task, work in general, but tangential thoughts, questions popping in. writing them down, but not sure it prevents vanishing.
attention not really wavering much throughout day.

today feeling like - yes, this place is not innovative by structure or culture. but if i truly truly keep a will, push to be creative (though some of it may be sucked out of this place) I can find avenues.
**glimmer of hope: product team member who found my portfolio, commented that I deftly combine design, analysis, and hard science. looking for this skill set, and may have projects for me in the future (when ramped up).
more in control, less depressed.
this is temporary.
visualizing path of taking cs courses, doing creative cs career.
or hopping to innovative start-up or healthcare company.

events:
tutorials finished. sql review with wendong (many errors, it turns out) but he seemed decently happy with my progress? assigned to receive build request, and deploy. start and end of cycle, essentially.
meeting with oren, walkthrough (simple, mundane, should be more automated, i.e. problematic fields automatically highlighted to compare). check-in with josh. confirming workflow, again, reviewing connector studio. fiddling with connector studio. workflow + informatics.

ambitions:
within assembly line, see myself creating architecture, or writing queries (ideally both). even more ideally, none + different time
data visualization projects
work with product team

longer-term:
use courses to take cs pre-reqs, then potentially get 1 year master’s? looking up creative cs fields
creativity within data? data visualization
general consulting?
what about bme? eliminating?



problem-solving mindset:
stretching brain, synthesizing different workers’ process and cohesive flow.
memory. sql, memory and logic.
some socializing.

other jobs (athenahealth pi?)

9/16
Events
Deployments. Silly (b/c should be automated), mechanical tedious. Running through with wendong.
Glimpsing at build requests. Form filling. Intellectually degrading.
Meeting w Kelsey. Architecture explained unintuitively. Waste of time.
Qdw server walk through, sql fiddling
Two stand up meetings
Where did the day go?
**meeting product team. Exactly type of people I want to work with. Creative, spunky (mannerisms, suspenders), chill (whisky in office). Nick stepro, admiring data visualization website. Product team - support, adhoc issues, custom investigative medical reports, and data visualization, and feature determination. The dream. (At least within Arcadia)
Creative paths exists within company after all..
Observations
Me. Not good at following procedures. Deployments as testimony. Also hate it. Not ashamed of this, somewhat happy?
Fiddling with arcadia analytics. Pretty cool..
Me. A bit awkward. Having to mentally prep/socially pump up for what turned out to be casual chill sesh in product office.
Them. Fixed, glued. Spitting jargon, cynical woos and yays at technical issues.
Future
How quickly can I learn necessary back end skills and leave connector team?
Because need to leave connector team.
Seems like - learn to write query, task flows & architecture
Brain state-
Now a bit upset that I'm not so upset? Fear of losing soul
Social environment in a workplace

9/17 (thurs)

procedural work (deployments). weakness and bane of thinking process. stupid.
flow chart for procedure
that’s about it.
soccer practice. eh.
ride back with ? from louisiana. divulged too much personal information as to how i actually feel about work.
2 hr talk with stef. lovely. listening to me ramble about work, weekend, social life, musings. her: work, fact-checking and disputing between weird republican artist and writer. outings with rhys. potential meet-up in future? awkward end with me saying i’m no longer seeing jade. but then not awkward - nice talking, call anytime.


9/20

friday:
erm. deployments. honing procedure. checking status on deployments.
angered, intellectually degraded by procedural task.
then, over dinner (well soju drink/dinner for slavish) at meju - fancy korean place - talking about procedures. how slavish, too, rejected them at first. but important. don’t be stubborn. working within procedure, knowing it well, one can improve, be creative. but flipside of too much constraint on creativity. but also, a bit naive to think that coming up with own procedure is efficient. hm.
talk with casey about work. procedural, monotonous, uncreative. but product team + nick stepro = hope. casey encouraging, you should totally get on that team. plan to create data visualization work, then maybe work on side project, and try to move to product team?
i can do this.

saturday:
slavish, let’s talk about data & creativity. mind, meanwhile, is racing and wanting to make mind map of interests, plot of how these fit into axes of creativity and logic.
lots of detail.
first, data. siavash describing job. how he thinks of decision-making at consumer level, how statistics and data points like clicks, time on webpage, translate into behavior. and try to predict, form hypothesis, and test based on this.
this is creative. creativity as dealing with ambiguity. here, needing intuition and creativity to navigate ambiguity. okay. i can get with this.
(arcadia’s process different. not doing anything with data really, just making it more accessible. or at least connector team)
which type of creativity do you enjoy?
the creation aspect of cs, appealing. the investigative, powerful, deduction, hypothesis-forming of data science powerful.
can decide general general path now. as in data-cs sphere. design sphere. consulting sphere. engineering sphere.
more i think about it, more engineering sphere is becoming unappealing. consulting, data/cs, arcadia prepares me for.
did i really not enjoy engineering? or perhaps just in state of mind that was less absorptive, keen on studying.
but how was i awakened? how did design awaken me?

do i have enough information - having tried enough fields - to understand what i enjoy?
nearing this.

again, separate work & life diaries? good for organization, but as thoughts become more developed, perhaps integrate?


9/21

work and life combined, see other doc.

9/22

Stomach growling in morning, feeling good to have metabolism kicking.
Out the door and at work by 8:30, one hour commute.
Tickets, all day.
Deployments. Like 20.

Frustrated with Josh. And sort of losing for respect for management style. Maybe learning by thrown into task is good, but lack of real training and mentorship creates inefficient environment. Being talks with too little context, knowledge lying in document or procedure I don't know.

Disliking:
How this job is scattering and diving brain. Too many tabs, programs, logins, screens.
Treading tickets. Conflict: trying to troubleshoot, fix small scale issues while developing broader skills that will help me fix small tasks quickly - like sql skills.

Mental block. Frustration hindering me from managing many many tasks I have to fill at once. And also from being creative, playing with procedure and improving. Partly because procedure is source of frustration

Structure not conducive to innovation. Connector is not, and will not be innovative. Scoffing at innovation day.

What it means to be part of something large.

Division of labor. Can this company even test that ticketing system is most efficient way of doing things?

Bailing on soccer match. Do not want to consume rest of day with work.

Kelsey helpful, but zoning out to her blabbering. Should drop pride And listen to her, even if most of what she says is unnecessary.

Thought process like:
Hey I have idea
Wait ticket
Wait email
Okay let me work on ticket
Wait which tab is it
Which program
Where's the file
Damn don't know what it's asking
Who should I ask for help
Uh maybe let me go back to that other ticket I was closing & working on
Wait which ticket?


Optimism hinging on: understanding of data sources is helpful. When technicalities are covered, could actually focus on logical problem solving.
Stay optimistic optimistic.
And get a haircut while you're at it boy

playing detective..s


PROCESS IMPROVEMENT
talking to tryptha, seeing how management handles these sort of things. creativity existing only in upper echelon = stupid.

within arcadia:
MOVE TO PRODUCT, move to reports + extracts
outside:
work at startup, do a cs degree or bootcamp?

learn about data science, computer science
take a class?


2017-10-19
—
okay.
lately a veritable morning person. or maybe not. but just super sleepy at night. early. and two euphoric mornings. one: post gym, endorphins, dressed fancy. two, now, here, watching plan glide, early golden light. bird chirps, crisp (actually crisp) air.

okay concrete events.
this thing with alisse (pulling away, feeling skeptical about ‘being my girlfriend’. prompted by relaying angela’s comment). i guess not a big deal. her reaction the next morning: crying (at thought of me longer getting closer to her), saying she doesn’t feel reluctant to call me boyfriend (take back). okay. she likes me a lot. she had a weird initial reaction. clarity. this is fine.
(in this now moment, monday morning, tues night, plaguing me a little still). anger at like: i spent so much time w your friends, you bring me along to things. but, in another interpretation: actions say positive things. do not give complete weight to the max(negative).

yesterday at work. bottled up about this promotion thing. expecting ‘we do not want to promote you’. >> meeting = talked to gleeson, he cool. document looks great. if i can make this happen i’ll make it happen. okay. wasted energy perhaps. react when needed? though, if this went negatively, was prepared. (unnecessary).

reflections actions logic wholesome morning good person things.

yesterday, on bed. reading. cannot focus. so: meditate for 9:20. the last 40 sec not wanting to finish. mind wandering to the same: work, alisse things. then: sharp clarity for about 20 sec of neuromancer, as i fall back asleep. trying to stay up to talk to alisse pre-interview. 10:30. 10:40. crash.

need to: enter fantasy world. neuromancer a good start. tv shows. other projects. get the brain in swimming in other things. world today for me too small.

oh hey i’m completely digital so much space on hard drive.

attention to UI. header to list view to right side contrasts on evernote. light header not so bad. now: regretting design i put together for parker’s picks list dropdown. should have used toggle. now it will be everywhere - everywhere you hear me!

kindness this morning as i reply to emails and texts that require attention.

—

time to time to time to work on projects and get myself mobilized. new gym routine. all of this now.


10/30

thought i like wrote the other day maybe not?
coming home from: ride w lauren to pick up car. new brake pads. then cleaning car 2. dropping 500. easy. armenian lebanese car mechanic. some arabic phrases, here and there, with decent pronunciation. new pads nice. not feeling the zippiness yet but we’ll see. car fresh and everything whatever whatever.

coming home. 5pm. ish. like: nap / yoga / stretch / shower -> eat work. 2 healthy, so - a sip of coffee, write, no work out. caffeinated, stay up late / work, then couple puffs of j before bed. decision.

this weekend, walking with casey.
thinking, vocalizing: need to form boston exit strategy. vira, likely siavash, alisse, casey, eric all out in a year. remaining: nobody. actually nobody. sunday, walking around, and thoughts like: this is not my city. look at this people. are these my people? my city? imagining a life here, settled. eating dinner with faceless strangers. faceless, projected, and yet, relatively one-dimensional. where are the weirdos? ah. ugh. agh. a life of: normalcy. seclusion, creative development.
most worrying though: a life that can be pictured.
at work - the linear path of: product manager, senior, director, etc. i mean, it doesn’t have to be this way. & maybe - acquire more technical skills before going down this trajectory.
casey’s phd program, fascinating. machine learning + ai + impact on society. how does one make a fair algorithm?  mathematical basis for fairness.
discussing, over wine and pillow. alisse lingering post dinner.

today: receiving edison bulb. enumerating bounties. looking at my place. like: this is all mine. wow.

okay. not writing enough. other: thought spaces. brain spaces.

alisse, of course, over and over. some weird separation anxiety. like: coming home after spending entire day w her. and needing some alone time. but not asking for it. thought the alone time somewhat impractical in short time span.

her body molding so perfectly into mine.

the fear of: dissolving. into this relationship. and into work. and then: coming out like: what happened. what do i have? what can i cling to? now: i am not a tangible set of items. but i become one, once they leave.

dreams lately: practical, kinda cute (quoting alisse). stealing katie’s bike, feeling bad. walking near a rhinoceros.

i could learn something from omar get inspired to write from omar the crazy scatterbrained omar.

continue post joint.

need my mind to be racing - and so here i am, mind racing.
this jamie xx song only for the uk just blasting
thinking about pirating things
and sending this acg file
and idk new york this wednesday what am i doing
and
hm
damn
minimal and bassy okay
should i type ‘np’ or ‘no problem’
adjust my formality in a an obvious or like fuck it?
what do these people at work like like even think of me? like. can’t w8 till flaws found in my code. keep it 100 flawed.
okay and hacckathon ideas. 2.
is what i’m thinking.
looking at my website.
thinking mental tendencies: like maybe too negative like things so good and like why you trying to feel sad you got it good so good
what’s it mean when u getting getting high and listening to jeremih
hm
brain must be scattered if the mantra

okay me. like this physical me thing. i think maybe subtly changing but nonetheless feeling fundamental change. man. realizing like did not like how i looked most of time // had weird unrealistic body image.

& hackathon prompts and s0e01 stranger things yes boy can still pirate
not something 2 be proud of

okay theme of why human

damn really liking alisse

thinking about sex
guess i have been having lots and some good sex
but somehow still insecure about that / self sometimes
maybe shouldn’t be? like i goods

blasting danny brown
dig digging it

questioning if i should actually work out if i’m sore.
first time questioning or first time this sore?

should really smoke more often
feeling so damn good with slight high lately

this audio project

categorizing journaling
is that the most interesting aspect?
i guess inherently shaping the way data is collected too.

ugh yes spilling ideas
and listening to beach house

looking at faces of decent looking long faced people it can maybe be possible

feeling dumb about that boyfriend reaction but i guess i should feel okay about it

idk stranger things is kinda scary maybe i should sleep

feeling sleeps

alisse doesn’t get scared of things
who is this girl alisse and why does she pull me so

2017-11-04
—
nyc

okay. confrontational with self.
so.
okay fever ray too much to listen to now. flying lotus instead for scatter brained focus

last night. at nostrand avenue pub with alisse. an okay bar. we sit, closely, nestled in a corner. ~deep thoughts~. not in quality, but in levels of branching / brain consumption. throughout the day. alisse sensing. and awareness of her sensing making feel a little sad (not descriptive enough, whatever, placeholder word). like: was i not entertaining in front of people. friendly. oozing energy. want to be those things, maybe.
forgot about this. humans dynamic. me one. allow myself to be.

why am i have all these serious thoughts leave me alone.

this voice memo idea. i think i want to pursue it. an accompanying data visual. some forest of recordings. a blank page where you linger on recordings. or multiple happening and choose one to delve into.

look in scattered and writing this is me i do this and maybe i’m a little proud.

don’t tell her you like her you tell her that too much
be more assertive and non caring
you like to be challenged huh okay i can be a little condescending
i’m fucking her and watching myself fuck her. how do i look. ego, though, is not a turn on. love is. am i that corny.
but like: receiving love. seeing someone turned on by me. an ego i can allow, should allow. sustainable ego is okay.

life path and trajectory is mainly good but when am i going to create something beautiful
why do i need to create something beautiful
does it matter why?
the desire itself is productive - allow it to exist as is and pursue? viable, fair, etc.
i mean: i want to pursue a more abstract, experimental form of thinking. because i think it will be fun and because (maybe dangerous) it aligns with the self image i want for myself.
so maybe the question is: is desire for self image justifiable? do something to be something.

in 1 year, everyone out of boston.
an acute awareness of: superficial life status. 24 working etc these are friends this where i’m going.

the desire to put a label on this thing with alisse. question that a bit more. wanting to have a conversation w her: hey i don’t care about that. why? b/c, just me and u all that matters, and this only distracts from that. placing importance initially because?

lately looking at all the long faces. hard to find beauty - is this me?
maybe. if others find beauty in me i should too. corny. mental health can be corny.

train rattling. headphones and fly lo, mostly, and then tuning into judgments and thoughts of others.

this morning, kind of liking my face but not liking the thought of liking but then, countering thought: not only hot people should feel entitled to love look. create a new objectivity and normalcy.


thinking, past two days, bout jealousy. how a short mention of ‘i’m meeting with my ex’, coupled with image of him, yielding so so much jealousy. or i suppose, also, possibility too. the thoughts diverging so far from the limited social encounter.
question of self-worth
solution to jealousy to not think of how great i am / compare and reassure, but focus on alisse’s attention towards me.
this jealousy thing will subside, does not have enough (encounters / ideas) to keep it animated.
but insecurity remains. deal with this one. ultimately: i have evidence that i am attractive and interesting to some people. mm continue
1) think about alisse less maybe?

when do i talk about exes with alisse?

yesterday, coming home early. cleaning, cooking (teriyaki sauce, too involved maybe), reviewing alisse’s nyu letter (which is just - hey, okay - maybe i can write better). && post ny sleep catch up. 5 hours gone?

spending sunday with alisse very completely lazing around. waking up early - 8:30. cuddling. sex. eating babka (choco bread) near bed. wrestling. cuddling. pb sandwiches. then: beatles albums, on the floor. liking the atmospheric stuff and panning.

stupid thoughts of: why isn’t she holding my hand right now. already getting so much attention and physical affection and still questioning.

okay not writing about this jealousy and insecurity stuff meaningfully. need to 1) feel good about myself. genuinely. like i am good-looking and interesting. 2) feel confident in alisse’ relationship to me.

looking at my naked body, over and over, expecting a spark - of satisfaction, pride - to spark.

alisse taking up so much of my mental space. thinking: what would i be thinking without her. so much room and space.

work things: referral app project going well. staying on top, doing in right. but still pending: interactive mockups for entry for page. yesterday, no coffee, little focus. sprint planning and some small UI mockups.

hey you wanted the crazy back and it came back and you wrote a lot. cool?

how alisse realized why i was reluctant / slightly nervous maybe, to text her.

on the train with may. me, staring, her flashcards. a picture of a liver.

a complete asshole to alisse on saturday. short and grumpy. a little aggressive. she handles this calmly. a little short with me, in return, sometimes. but not before trying to attempt some nice conversation. meeting up w me. kissing me. telling me about her dinner: i know you’re not crazy about pasta but this was really good. and i am half listening. and i talk much more in-depth about myself. questioning, also, whether alisse really had plans for saturday night, and why we had to leave. like oh ‘what would you have done’. negative energy. stopping later, for gas, and her commenting on my awful breath. realizing she asked what i had for dinner purely for this reason. and like damn i’ve been driving and cuddling and this is what you are saying. but: hey, she held back for a while.
getting home. showering. having sex. things are better.
this whole time: overplaying the fragility. so worried about how i was asshole. alisse seeing as ‘you were in a mood’.

11/9


--

now

okay more me more self expression
post stranger things (an endearing episode)
post poop
post: look at dishes, weigh the cost benefit of cleaning. decide: not to clean
post: look at new (from amazon) contigo water bottle, clean, wash, test sip. not even thirsty
post: thinking - i’m awake today, but was really only that horny in the morning. this is okay.

(these things, all occurring between the thought & resolution to write - and actually writing)

today i write with bright lights.

typing, looking at self from afar. clad in glasses, that sporty shirt. face looking somewhat sharp (angles, not looks) with relatively clean shave.

—

today

drive back today dark dark dark because it’s dark now, always. the emerging darkness finally emerging, enveloping. a conversation with imaginary person (ego loves) - about winter is all consuming. like even if, objectively, week spent in the same way, not going outside. like winter is not just the weather. it is an organism. the air, the mood. somehow seeps in. you are just one small organism, inhabiting shelters, but it exists, larger than you. type of thing. i say this to imaginary stranger, but in a way that, i think sounds kind of interesting.

shit is crazy shit is yaeji. tuesday at work, daze of producer yaeji, innerspeaker. whilst mocking things up.

today i’m gonna know what i do tomorrow. work wise. but not work: can i bring alisse to jade’s thing? is that weird and if so for which party(ies)?

—

other days

tuesday
yoga after work.
monday tuesday.
working exactly 8 hours

—

design sensibilities (yes i need headers, i need order)

today looking at slack ui, seeing variable font sizes, and like okay hey that’s not so bad, really. looking at apple ui like her their bright red/blue buttons are totally okay. looking at Facebook ui like okay their plain gray buttons with borders (another idea i had) actually looks okay.

i am a minimalist, aesthetically, because:
- harsh: i have no artistic capabilities
- generous: because, i can be one with the blank page. set aside ‘vision’, pre-conceived judgements and notions, and build up. i’m not presumptive.
- it’s just another aesthetic style. not more superior or less.

today, thinking. ugh care management it’s not so pretty.

eyes staring at the bold fonts

an hour looking at searchable dropdown libraries

—

whatever

thinking about siavash’s good wish texts this week. how it’s actually kind of a beautiful thing.
perusing the record / art / misc arts design music store. siavash poring over it all.
wow, he really has shaped his mind into he wants it to be. presence over everything.

something about these consecutive dashes is beautiful to me

lately can barely read, stare at a page, stare away, go to sleep.

—

the tension

between accepting mental state
and constantly evaluating / worrying over mental state (when down)

the latter, i would assume leading to good things. pushing me to be aware, not get complacent.
or maybe not? because good mental states just come and go. how the omar is.
and: not accepting means. that i give too much weight / agency over state. and think, as a result, because i have control - and that even with my control, that i am still like this - i will never recover.
how alisse, a normal persons, views mental states as transient. knows that, when i was an asshole

okay relabel header - ‘mental states’ or something similar

(about to write on this - jumping to other thought streams..)

when dull: should i smoke weed at night? micro dose?

anyway - today: 12 hours of work. mostly productive. sharp the whole time. waking early. desiring coffee at the slightest, most gradual pace. earlier in week - maybe because no coffee - tired, sluggish, 1 task at a time type of thought.


—

short bout as an asshole.

—

alisse

a whole lot of thoughts. in some way, a place for me to direct energies and insecurities. like: feeling bad.
okay whoa, what’s with jumping to self analysis and conclusions
you’re just suppose to spill, talk about all the feelings and thoughts.
and then step back and think.

(listening again to wonderful tonight - after i somewhat harshly revealed i don’t like it)

—

project management / semantics / logistics / what percent of the workforce is actually useful?

what’s the point?


—

music

this is not a topic or a thought stream.
music is not a thought stream, it is media. thought stream is: emotions, things, from music.
now, setting topics, not coming up with genuine thought categorization.

but like okay all that whatever.

pink floyd, beatles. it’s like a different thing. these drums and bands and sort of music, what you think of music as type of thing. and the old timey voices.
but some amazing production


—

judgements

—

closed system

and with these thought categories. i have delineated all of my thoughts this week.
probably not true true.

now if only i could have everyone else, like this, as a closed system

—

specializing, focus, ambition

drive this morning. listening to podcast podcast (tokimonsta song exploder), and thinking about how i’m reading neuromancer and living life and i need to focus focus focus if i want to be something great. but in an organic and non-forced way

—

healthcare career.
me, at this company.

i am becoming a design expert.
so much potential for change in healthcare.
this shit is cool.
it’s cool.
but i really to know, at a deeper level, why it’s cool.

okay i can leave and do weird thought experiments and then return to healthcare that sounds okay with me.

—

body

okay i still have to lift once in a while because i look bigger, feel a bit more powerful and it’s good good good.

tuesday, post yoga, jello.
wednesday. stomachache upon coming home. maybe from teriyaki previous today.
today (thurs). sore but not in a tight, restricting way. the combo of tuesday yoga wednesday lifting. stomach working well for dinner, hungry. not all that hungry for lunch. usually the opposite. (do people fluctuate this much, see below)

shins tight tho

like - i will get older and body will get worse. need to actually learn learn yoga. find a good cardio routine the bones like.

—

vanity

love thyself through vanity. getting naked. taking short video of self. and then deleting. not really doing anything. is this the right way to do it.

—

does everyone fluctuate this much?

—

aging

that shit comes up
now and then

—

bad habits

this thing where i like count the number of days i’ve seen alisse or had sex with her like it’s some sort of accomplishment

pretzels

eating while cooking

sleeping the full 8 hrs, waking up slowly
not reading

not stretching, getting body warm and fluid in the morning

really the absence of good habits, more like it

—

today thoughts spilling. not like insightful or crazy or artsy but at least spilling.

dreams lately so vivid. one murder mystery type of thing where i think maybe nick was the murderer. idk.





today i want to listen to something more chaotic.
god i’m all over the place.



can i rock a head

11/16

today i decided i was me
feeling very alive. the physical factors, maybe coffee

creating conversation with other people (with self) in head, making self sound smart, ambitious.

explaining things to myself through fake conversation with other people.
what does that mean? that i cannot confront..myself. or: i want to confront a better version. smart, cool (though broody usually) etc. i get it.

okay dinner with vira.
a long foray into facebook, old photos. decided: i am not so bad. sometimes okay kind of good.
in the same vein as: dinner with vira. earnest conversation. hearing about how vira like used to not feel so confident and now is like pretty confident and good / realistic about herself. and like - don’t be so weird and possessive about alisse. things sound good. not seeing each other since the adam days damn. her and adam different levels of sensitivity would make it hard to be together. reciting lists.

trying to be ui maximalist whilst high

damn tame impala b sides like damn damn

but really feel more confident n things u dope ( feels so wrong to say

—
sex.
my penis is nice and hard and points in a good direction. penis flip and flop and mine is just normal just another. but big. alisse has specifically complimented my penis.
bad sex two days (well once, no sex, feeling weird and turning alisse off by asking if she’s sleepy) and then i guess okay sex like banging for a few and finishing and stuff.
sometimes i have boners and don’t think i do. not feeling 1) confident and 2) connected.s
sex is fun. do not go in thinking about sex. just feels. feels feels feels.

2017-12-25
—

12/25 (DALLAS)

bits of conversation:
Smelly Americans getting smelling dogs
Caving birds fucked up
Words exchanged, between nihaya, Asma, Mama. Meanwhile, raeda watching vine length videos

All these samples make you fat
Husbands poorly dressed - except for nihaya's
Repeat joke, broadcast
Me style and Obaydeh's

Why is your hair like that

The fake people say I love you and compliment

Every daycare needs camera

Mama funny on the first joke, then it comes 20 more times
(the ladies all laughing at this)

12/26

up today, 8:30. mama, nihaya in the kitchen. eggs and potatoes a background theme, coming gradually into the forefront. difficult to pull topic of conversation. because - nonstop chatter, with few focused topics. something about: asma probably.  imitations of her. the sighs, helplessness over small matters.
in head: echoing yesterday / baba's family story: seto being 13 when tayseer is 4 (mother dying from chicken pox, father finding new wife). does not consider his mother, hardly visits. apparently somewhat cruel to her. (but also: incredibly impressive that he got to his current position and stature. parkinson's now though, setting in). seto: 7 miscarriages, then 5 daughters (2 sons after). seto, probably around 85. healthy.
eggs and potatoes. delicious, frittata-like texture. eating eating but this time mindful, stopping at right time.
topics of studying and AP and SAT and mama sort of showing off my SAT scores. confusion in understanding her pride towards me.

raeda, living in baton rouge, and yet, expressing real surprise at the fact that there a lot of poor people in america. really? and comment that you need doctor-ish salary to live a good life.

nihaya calling me her cutie, cute, my cute many many times throughout day.

on a walk with shayma. passing rundown mexican shops, nightclubs. witnessing what might be a drug deal. and talking about gender norms in islam, the pressure to get married and enter unfulfilling relationship for no reason. thread connecting to yahya after break-up - and siavash's reality of miserable marriages.

an example of ~ frustrating conversations ~. articulating desire to go to nice coffee shop. mama: why not starbucks? why not work here? noor has a nice lounge did you see that? these suggestions thrown out merely to stir arguments. a first layer of frustration. second, not trying hard to actually understand what it is i want. instead imposing what i might want. this second bit perhaps a bit more understandable, as parent difficult to accept child's autonomy? this method of conversation though, too common (same with jobs, throwing out suggestions).  suggesting i become a fancy nurse. what the fuck? do you know what i do?
also - comment that i wasted my biomedical engineering degree.
empty, sometimes provocative suggestions and comments as conversation starters.
and then - inability to carry out conversation after initial provocation. hopeless. surrender.
sometimes abusing my attempts to be a good listening. because comment often repeat, or shallow, and sort of unfairly grasping a large portion of my brain. harsh?

snippets:
taking voice recording, random voice recording during conversation. and multiple voices talking over each other.
asma, orchestrating a lion king holding of her baby, after mama's misguided lion king joke (isn't this like what they did to jesus? no.)
burberry baby clothing.
raeda taking care of asma's child.
she's pretty, she's fat, she's this, she's that
preventing conversational loop by telling mama to stop trying to incite me with stupid suggestions. nihaya, mama, sitting back like: wow look how he talks so clear and smart. not. my point. where did you get your vocabulary, asks mama?
suggesting to get patches for siblings. seeing my shirt and bursting out into laughter. asma, trying immediately to take a snap video.
munching steadily throughout the day. can you get the chips from the car?
do you want a wife like ? from?
costco, sam's club plans.
the word 'high class'. hatha high class.
a genuine feeling for poor people. giving homeless people money, meals. we’re materialistic consumers but somewhat in touch with commonplace difficulties that exist outside our sphere.

noor's attractive, intelligent hijabi friend marwa. an affinity for broad, systems-level thinking driving her to do global health fellowship. understanding that my job is 'future of healthcare'. 3rd year resident. oo. rania, a little spacey, nearby, relaying story of ordering orange juice at coffee shop, receiving hipster outrage.
work on my job pitch. work on it. for ego, yes.

allowing myself to deduce patterns of interaction here, delve deep into categorizing people. no need to give benefit of the doubt here - move directly into assumptions. because need to develop toolkit, mobilize, and find best ways of acting to family in thoughtful, considerate way.

gender norms within a relationship discussed. saying that i will share responsibility for raising kid. do not want 'family-oriented' woman. in parallel, and actually related: baba telling ahmad that noor's money is hers, and that he pays the bills. the concern of needing to withdraw

baba as very rational, though using religion as means of negotiating logic. mama, emotional. completely. no clear value basis.

driving noor's car, imagining life here. feeling ever more thankful for pace, enrichment, and intellectual vitality in my life.

mindlessly shopping online yesterday. because realizing that being fully present is not really necessary. family appreciates just being there. just being me and existing. a neutral, though somewhat positive force.

on the mind lately - health. healthcare.

at oak lawn coffee in dallas. a nice, sunny, hipstery spot. in domain of pet stores. a nice place to walk? asking barista. clyde warren park. like, been there. (park suspended in highway-ville).

incredibly jittery horny leaving coffee shop. this same feeling, perhaps, driving unproductivity when working from home. less strong coffee, more slowly.

noor's apartment, medical district drive. sterile, minimal.

12/30

the day like
wake up
stiff on the furry carpet, not enough padding
obaydah having left earlier to transfer to new sleeping earlier

mama, raeda, nihaya chilling in the lofted living room
talk talking
asma's house
extravagant, large, a bit tacky. so many objects and items. in the living room: glittery painting, enormous clock. tree holding baby shoes. stock photography everywhere.

texas / southern / american life. driving everywhere.
most of way from dallas, then to houston, blasting kendrick. en route to houston, leaving at 11. constant conversation. not liking 'boom boom' from my blasting music. playing quran at some point, from phone. really? usual gossip & things. stopping by at buccee's, enormous texan spectacle / gas station. everything served. names & numbers constantly called over loudspeaker. texas texas texas. continuing route as noor makes calls to find unicorn onesie. stop at target. reversing poorly and almost hitting car. mama's 'yee omar’, for once, a valid and useful warning. going to raeda's and underestimating time it takes to get there. raeda asking how far we are, in minutes. then, in miles. other units?

in asma's house. oogling eying furniture / set-up. beautiful home, questionable objects. woman woman everywhere. talking to summer doof on the phone for a bit about umrah prep. (so - decided to do umrah with seto after all, despite me warnings)

meeting with kareem at like 4:30. at alexis's. a little pre-dinner smoke, each of us talking about work. me, how job is much better. alexis and perils of last project. extension / patches on a continued failed project. implementing some software. people joking about suicide / dying instead. oh my. sharing my job and excitement now. glad to not be conveying again how my job is miserable. not asking kareem enough about himself.

indian restaurant after. kimji joining. talkative, loud engaging. having many people over to visit. getting into people they know. and me, feeling bad, because i killed the conversation by looking over to kareem and asked 'do you know these people?'. jobs that are most useful during the apocalypse. things & other things. a nice moment: looking at kareem, smiling. tell us what kareem was like in high school? he says, more temperamental. i don't know. pretty chill.
(eating too much. ice cream after. then cake at the house. and little bit more at restaurant).

andi & brahm joining. tall fairly attractive white girl, super tall handsome persian dude. in med school. talking about ob gyn / vaginas / delivering babies.

back home. slow but not uncomfortable conversation with obaydah. walking in, yeezy's, joggers, and baby in hand. small what's ups. then leaving, shortly after for a true arab scene at shisha cafe. guys introducing with salams. obaydah's friend mohammed, tall, bearded, friendly looking. peppering sentences with bro. all of them describing recent trip to california. mohammed a bit less pleased, others sleeping in & fucking around. but them: enjoying, loving it. asking me what i do, what they do. mohammed in suppy chain management. SCM - how he introduced his position to me. okay cool cool. just hanging chilling listening to misc stories. someone's family member getting married. table full of assorted associated family members. leaving, maybe around 1. me, obaydah (in jaguar), and mohammed going to new shisha cafe, with amazing food. food as amazing, vibe as arab as advertised. old big screens, bright lights, men playing cards, cigs in hand (likely muttering kus immak) to each other. talking about mohammed's lebanese girlfriend. muslim, parents know about her now. has fooled around, but now, 25, mature, ready to get married.

my vernacular here. looser, less precise. even includes 'and shit' sometimes.

coming home, smoking. behind the pool. rawan smokes too? thinking like - all of the men in hamdanfamily are somewhat rebellious // smoke drink etc.
and chatting about our arabic level, trips to jordan. potential of moving back at some point. laughing chilling.
walking back into the house, after smoking. seeing huge pile of dishes, obaydah commenting that they’re gonna have a blast cleaning all of this. sort of like getting drunk and forgetting. hosting azuma, cleaning. but commenting that it’s cute.
obaydah’s overall perspective on seeing sisters / aunts socialize, more forgiving, less privy to criticizing copious amounts of gossip and shit talk.
4am, coming back in to sleep on hard hard floor.

be here be present be appreciative. this is rare.

12/31


1/1/2017

up late - 11:15, and rushing to get ready for breakfast at suhaib's. getting there (slightly frustratingly) late. me in back of jaguar coupe, raeda in front. full spread of 3araby breakfast cuisine awaiting, along with conversation of unsolicited advice. raeda waking up baby in the middle of night = child abuse? jokes. overeating, as usual, and moving over to living room. poking yahya’s belly for instant laughter. little bit of header ball in living room. outside, as obaydah smokes, talking about (not very seriously) quick paths to get rich. idea from shayma: rate my substitute. pretty great. could be a cool thing to work on. sahib talking about easy things like mowing stores lawns. oh. resourcefulness in lame way. mama, nihaya, shayma’s cousin flipping through photos of sahib’s wedding. (a glimpse of me, in dorky glasses and mediocre suit)
a fight with sara and ibrahim. sara resisting last minute travel plans to dallas. three ba

2ck and forth before agreeing to leave.
imagining dynamic of always doing business with father. asking obaydah about this, and talking about how they always interact/discuss things. mostly works, but obaydah disagrees a lot lot.

back from brunch maybe around 3. women packing. doddling, sipping 3araby coffee, chatting.
to mama - are you dreading going back home? not really. need to sleep. a surprising comment.

en route back to boston. hobby airport, 'the newest 4 star airport'.
overhearing a rice connection. a woman, going back and forth asking questions, stimulating a conversation. sort of like a mediator. turns out, man on right, women to left, rice grads. wait no, maybe dad only went to rice? i think UT. accounting. 'well this is fun, our little delay'.
me, making most of day. hitting yasser (ob cousin) mansion. and ballin. 10 points to close hey, that's not bad.

airport.
trying to understand if dude is super conservative or lib. okay no wait liberal. remove financial benefits of marriage. semantic discussion of using word civil union instead of marriage. this guy, willing to give civil union with no financial benefits. but no marriage. libertarian.
considering music but would love to just overhear.
the south. houston. makes me feel alive in some ways.
the ride back from yasser's to airport. endorphins floating, a clear and earnest tit for tat about career ambitions. obaydeh's next 10 years planned. after cars, hands in multiple businesses. eventually, expansion to houston.
intent eavesdropping leading to a real conversation. with gloria, besides me, molly, middle-aged woman in the middle, and the dude. first, polite exchange of opinions regarding the same topic. a couple circular exchanges. then a more focused side conversation with glorida. rice architecture grad with family in houston. 2 years abroad in rwanda. smiley. telling me about relationship with her new boyfriend. asking how they met (online - specific app not disclosed because well i'm a stranger - fair enough  i suppose). about rwanda, program relatively effective when attendees were actually interested in helpoing - though apparently like half people from program actually just really seeking to explore and have fun? not what i expected. and and. also: healthy, unfriendly life in north vs opposite in south.
i really hope i run into you! that would be super fun. thinking maybe to take her number and like hey maybe let's have coffee. but - actually running into each other instead would maybe just be more fun. (that and, both of us mature to know that most likely we won't meet up, and don't need to validate each other).

airplane.
continuing bon iver re-listens. a little bit more brilliant, cohesive, environment-like. still far from grasping idea behind album, and developing deep connection. but beauty apparent. listening while mind also drifts. to usual fucked up fantasies of family member disaster that's being conveyed while on date. or with girl or something like that. because i want people to show me pity? what the fuck. need to get rid of these fantasies. also: potential of opening of business in the future with OB. picturing ourselves in many years from now. and: breakding down the general acknowledgement of blessing into concrete categories. why my family is great. why i'm so grateful to have my family. to have this strange but beautiful dynamic.

sufficiently left and exited my state of mind. this break.

hamdan family socialization- strange but beautiful but toxic environment .

branching off silly marriage proposals, seeing young fams (ibrahim, suhaib), and talking, more in depth about careers, with ability to compare to my experience. thinking realy really about what it means to start a family, start a life, settle down. and also: the sisters
aging aging

thought lately: focus on natural decay of our bodies .

late night episode of animals

at frat party. described only with word spectacle.
kareem sticking around because true friend but clearly not feeling after a while
before, at cafe with aramcon friend

sort of beautiful seeing a large family grow and change. this thought sprouting mainly from thoughts of shayma & her work as a teacher. but now, picturing the family. all of us. our mistakes, personalities, disputes. binding love.

1/2

2017. okay.
window insulation sort of working, back feels cold still though while writing.
today insular calming therapeutic. evidence for introvert tendencies type of day. happy no one has come into house. waking at 9, super tired. doing groceries. slowly, super tired. cooking brunch && meals. revitalizing with coffee, unpacking.
a call from tanya, around 1. slump break. felt useless, unproductive, trapped by environment of jersey suburb. and disenchanted with society. sad to see the suburbs and people settling. sharing similar sentiment.
book about elderly, how we decay and die. getting a bit into policy perspective. but also the thought of us decaying and dying. inevitable and important.
(avoided topic of death when siavash first brought up. policy/medicine more palatable avenue for me to approach this. honestly skeptical of siavash’s initial engrossment in topic. now, maybe still skeptical? not trying to prepare for death. or maybe i am. but trying to prepare for others’ aging and death. so i can act appropriately, help. either way - shouldn’t claim superiority. siavash has foresight and wisdom to look into important topic like this)
being a doctor or like creating some community thing i don’t know to help people feeling very important today.
explaining job to people - who don’t get it - making me less enthusiastic about work. can’t just say ‘i’m doctor’ or consultant or manager. partly an ego thing, but partly - a feeling that what i do is hidden and insignificant. want others to validate my career and interest. (conversation with mama where i set out to exclusively do this. unsuccessful.).
work out in room, refreshed and alive.
cooking quietly, eating slowly, while reading.

organist podcast earlier today - an interview with architect talking about sound in architecture. how frequencies can shape behavior - bass slows people down, treble speeds up. balance of absorbent and reflective materials create this. example of throwing absorbing material into a modern home to create better sound.
example of library in alexandria, creating a series of pathways to quiet room, that transition person from noisy streets / life to slower pace. cannot simply create a perfectly quiet zone.

another: philosopher talking about memory and sound. loves pop music because it readily evokes memories? though not clear why it does so more than other music. predictability perhaps? how our narrative construction of self is bullshit..

being mortal, atul gawande. the current read. fascinating so far. structure of elderly care. assisted living, a radical idea of offering freedom to elderly, even when sick. how young director of elderly care clinic, against all odds and standards, brought 100 birds, dogs, cats in. saving people’s lives by giving them a purpose. something to care for.
a clear conclusion: people need independence to be happy.
book now delving into the question of - what gives life meaning?

this book + healthy, independent intellectual life that contrasts with ~life in the south~ pushing me to be **actively happy**. i’m. fucking. blessed. in older age. having a few simple pleasures, and some independence is all you can ask for. what i have now, unbelievable, amazing.

2017-12-30
—
12/30

bad things, patterns lately. organized okay let's go.
like. eating nuts as breakfast replacement. check the calories? should i have eaten this. (unnecessary diet monitoring)
another. full. pie in front of me. that i did not order. that was given as extra. finishing half. wrapping. and then: combatting idleness by unwrapping, finishing rest. stomach. ugh. why i do that. (self control)
watching kid on plane. take a snap quickly, thoughtlessly. do not send. and then look at sent section. and toggle back and forth, not actually reading or accomplishing thing.
today, yesterday, every thought gap filled with: face analysis. prompted by mama's commets: why is your face so long. and then, looking at my face differently. branching expanding. into:
face shape: can one be handsome with / in spite of oblong face. asos model, ben affleck, others, evidence as yes, you can. so my face shape is okay.
face shape - finer, personal analysis: two problems with face: asymmetry (right side lower, longer), and narrowness. i think first maybe natural. looking at older photos. but i guess more stretched given that face is longer.
verifying looks: staring at every mirror. why do i look good sometimes, bad others.
looks as environmental: noor, mama, summer's faces, actually quite nice. and mine as child maybe okay kind of proportional? i don't know. i have nice features / could have been handsome maybe?
orthodontic reflection: get jaw expander
hours googling my orthodontic procedure - should i have teeth removed? should my a
aging: will my face somehow i don't get weirder weirder. well i collect fat in cheeks i think so that's good.
countering: no my face is just long and proportional. like my eyes are close together right. not affected by jaw. jaw expander couldn't have done that much. mostly the bite fixing that makes difference in before/after photos i see. i mean actually - just defer to ortho appointment jan 25 for this. and there's dimension. jawline looks nice.
and: i have cute girlfriend so guess people like it? ask alisse - do you like my face even when my hair is short and clean shaven?
actually: i think lots of people like it / see it as okay moderately attractive. but are fooled by style and hair. like i know how to work the face. i look at the colors and see what works.
accept regardless?
like. what does my face look like. what do me eyes see. is this what others see.
aesthetics. what are aesthetics.
so not super present.
cannot let go of music glued to headphones because cannot delve into me / self
----
videos of baby summer / yousuf. summer shaking booty. posing. so cute. doof a chubby cheek dweller.
the earrings.
devil in a dress god damn this is good.
-----
things i want to do:
- order gifts
- look up spain stuff

1/6 morning

shuffling with things. tool/utility draw in kitchen > tea, coffee, chocolated drawer. a neuroticism flourishes, taming and quelling because organization is not efficiency.
then figuring out day (= target errands, work work, stretch, work out, hang w eric)

assessing: how good, social, confident, do i feel around different groups of people? why? alisses’ friend’s, quite. noticing with brown friends, pretty confident, but less talkative.

oral posture, dominating thoughts for a few days (today/yesterday, only intermittent). leading to: sore jaw, lisp, drool. but how i bite normally? i forget. just need to figure that out and i’ll be all set.

fixing posture one of the few things that is easier to learn/habitualize when you are an over thinker. because soon: you forget what your original posture was like. and you disrupt habit/consciousness/intuition because obsessive thoughts are invading brain. interesting. other things like this? i suppose any habit change?

last night dinner with alisse, savannah, laura, hannah, tai. mediocre pizza. then: shoveling snow. my car, her car, driveway, katie’s car. workout. hunger. alisse tired, kind of feeling staying at her house (though discussed coming back to mine, bubble bathing, etc). brain going down path of: she only wants to hang out when it’s convenient for her, she doesn’t like me. not in bad mood bad mood just sort of subtly exploring this thought pattern. alisse, detecting this. asking me what’s up, gently. i explain, some. then again, gently prodding for more. amazing. and i tell her, realize that thoughts are irrational.

i am so interesting to me (reading texts, look at photos, etc), and therefore: i am an narcissist.

face status: face is definitely long, but gets wider when gaining weight. also asymmetrical. but eyes and demeanor are attractive maybe. and that’s kind of enough to get the cuties. also: i do see the negativity in my face. staring at others and kind of morphing their face as i focus on just length. but still - it’s long, and maybe i have to accept that. seeking: understanding of attractivity, how i fit in scale of cuties hotties. because that’s helpful?

yesterday today days before cold cold cold. snow mounts & trenches on the floor. ‘why do i live here’, so salient.

work on my arabic- when?

coco may visiting over weekend.
unfortunately occupied with thoughts of face, oral posture. for real. these thoughts dissolving when alisse comes back - maybe because time? or maybe vibe.
a day with coco (jan 1). breakfast, drop off may to coffee shop. then: home depot. shelving and projector set-up. we productive. dave chapelle special (problematic, interesting, sometimes resonant).
though i love doing nothing
jan 2 - work / may’s exam. coming back to may + ashleigh at the crib. smoke > tasty momo > boba. kind of like - why did i smoke? home and - black mirror i think? episodes in which: creepy software developer makes game with real humans and they try to escape, in which: mom monitors daughter (horrifying consequences).

a feeling of: giving up the self a bit to alisse. priorities become trivial when compared to hanging w her. setting up for devastation. but something beautiful about trivializing things that are important to me.
i think i can learn and grow with alisse. she gets me. more important than: her habits and things.
check yourself tho. work work, set yourself up for success.
not writing much lately, like i am dissolving. check yourself, check yourself.

looking up how to keep / maintain stubble and then - getting research articles about how stubble, as opposed to full beard or clean shaven, is more attractive for love marriage sex. shows some maturity, but not too much sort of. like masculine but still young. who is funding this study? why?

okay i’m done

2018-01-10
—
plane to lisbon.
right now you are (broad broad broad) 24 years old. sitting on dark plane, screen tilted, dimmed, writing. blasting kendrick and thinking of last summer. right now you are: 24.5 years old, living alone. your social life contained. a girlfriend - beautiful, grounded, smart. semi-fit. concerned with your appearance, the length of your face. friends are scattered, different, thoughtful, beautiful. style is better. you are a designer. a decent one, but not a great one. you are: somewhat talented at your job given the constraints (age , lack of experience). you are: feeling more close to family. you are: pierced, on both ears. you are: okay with your body, mostly. you are: thinking of aging. you are: less afraid of self-categorization. less afraid of you.
first hour, drifting drifting, tim hecker, drifting into sleep.
next 30 - rereading neuromancer (because, forgetting since it has taken me too long). much more enjoyable on reread. the environment making sense.
2 glasses of wine. awake despite no coffee. well 2 matcha.
matcha, today, at nine bar. prior to trip, looking up: spain. things to do. neighborhoods. alternative things. things.
lady clumsily bumping into headphone while walking by. and then noticing:: she has neck brace. the nth lesson in withhold judgment.
now - damn, kendrick playing. last summer flooding in memory. listening to damn on headphones near charles / mgh station. 'fear' playing. windy. not recalling hanging out, laughing, or any sort of concrete action. just the mental state i was in while listening. not easily described with words at my disposal. something like: living, carefree, grounded. energy is outward. feeling environment, absorbing taking engaging. energy spilling. less controlled. take it. you, have it. i don't care. take it.
other songs in album evoking this same feeling, though with less clarity.
and now, energy limited, contained. deliberate. an entity that requires thought to release. comes out on its own, but only when many factors constructively interering.
on the airplane, time feeling slower, beats slower, linger. the background in 'element'. the bass dropping slower. can pull it all apart.
'humble'. coming out before summer. but seeing the video. and feeling that mmph. 3x plays, bopping, ugh ugh.
'loyalty'. outside at some park. mystic park or something. with: eric, ahmed, siavash, arash. bumping out of the bluetooth speakers. smoking elevated, near the rocks. watching the kids. mush of conversation - easy, heartfelt - as i'm jamming.
'love'. simple and catchy, but from kendrick. questioning the indie in me.
'blood'. high, in my room, with arash, adam, siavash. blasting blasting the album for the first time. others drifting into sleep. cut to: describing album release party to alisse.
alisse: is an observer.
alisse: i'm okay with your mood swings. just how you express your emotions. think she means it.
be honest with yourself.
a sudden bout of - reflection - lately.
spill ooze ooze
brain__spill.
in logan. eating at generic healthy fast food place. as if mottos were generalized, copied from something, somewhere. and seeing that all workers there are 3arab.
receiving the 'chicken chopstick bowl' (no chopsticks included, or available). mishearing the hijabi handing food to me. and self-conscious, the 'am i real arab' thoughts surfacing. coupled with: a thank you / shukran mumble.
knowing your limitations: is what is needed for success really. because: world is replete with resources (to learn or do). i just need to know what i need. i need to know what i'm poorly. the thought prompted by early days as designer. got a lot of direction from nick. saying something like 'having trouble starting design language, plz help.
back to the involution design sessions. how do our designs compare? what's thoughtful about theirs? how did they deal with care plan? i suppose the same as ours.
care plans - biggest gap in new care mgmt features. needs to be: more condensed. task checklist will work maybe, if we make it easier to add new intervention. (just add the care plan restyle into 4.15, no approval needed). do what i need to make this good. add UX tickets. do it. be rogue. also: need a design sprint between 4.16 and 4.17.
*link to care plan review, directly from care plan page
*link to portions of care plan review from care plan page. like 'add note to goal'. hm.
*how can we actually train people to use this?
everybody (alisse especially) leaving boston prompting me to think of next step. next step. in my professional career. this is where i am.
feeling super thankful for job this week. partly after going on / ranting about how i'm lucky to have it, saturday night at saloon with alisse. but also: imagine i didn't get this. where i would be. at a company. slowly climbing the ranks. maybe a newly crowned senior analyst. maybe back in school doing CS. or at an okay design school. all to prep to get to: where i am now.
okay dangerous tendencies in relationship:
- always putting hanging with alisse over others. or: not fully committing to spreading out, getting into a chill session. lingering in the back of head: need to see alisse by end of night.
- not spending as much time doing the tangible things that i have discernment in / use as means of self-gratification. design projects.
- not writing
really: moving my vaidation from above to alisse. i suppose not terrible. like if we break up, a transition period where validation moves back to above? or maybe, entire self destroyed, dissolved.
nick like 'i trust you..well, i trust you now' when it comes to design. agreeing. like damn i really sucked. and still not a 'good desgner'. just a decent one, that can make something intuitive. but not beautiful. pleasant. work on that work on that.
nick: truly amazing at his job. but also: work and then sleep. how does he feel about this? what is his relationship with girlfriend like? does he talk of work developments?
bad work things. committing to loading goals, interventions, but erm not getting it done in time. and now leaving leaving. nick taking this well, on appearance. but me: not really apologizing. just like. no. this isn't gonna happen.
not smiling at people. reaching out. asking about their days. being social.
ambitions naturally change in winter, way more productive. it's true it's true.
recalling all the shitty stories i wrote in 'fiction i'. how can i get to be a better fiction writer?
and: conversation with yahya day before yesterday.
talking about: visa situation. yahya accepting that he will likely be immigrant for much of his life. asylum case in 1.5 years.
yahya - always speaking at a broad / philosphical / reflective level.
his progression with meditation. clarity
yahya's point that meditation brings you clarity, which grounds, you, makes you feel good. discussing a 'hypothetical' example - how do you deal with case in which you're unhappy about appearance? yahya echoing an idea that it's better to know that you're ugly? do i agree? the healthy, meditation-based process: okay, do looks prevent me from what i want to get? (success, girls, a: no?). do i actually look bad or is it just me?
spending 5 days in a row with alisse. all quite good. great sex the whole time. except last day. working, alisse keeping company. eating with her. not much to talk about but like relaxing and chilling and i think it's good? stretching, too. seeing how: good chilling isn't really sustainable though. spending more time will inevitably sacrifice the quality. what arises instead: a coexistence that can maybe be beautiful? or: you live together, but lead busy lives in which the respective selves of fulfilled irrespective of partner (douchey wording)
these thoughts leading me into marriage? can i / one / mostly i have an _actively_ happy marriage. yes underscore = italics.
feeling like i'm less idealistic. (don't say that, don't say that).
getting ride with alisse to airport. a quickie, prior to leaving.


2018-01-19
—
phrases

—
caught in the loop
escape the loop
my goal
my life is just wanting to escape the loop
like make a nice loop, and then escape it
or
parameterize
a loop with variables
opportunities to exist
re-enter
re-enter a slightly different loop
—
my loops are good. work, gym, friends etc
the underlying structure / what i miss as result is danger. we have to keep loops. so like above is the approach needed for fulfilling life.
—
podcast today about bubbles. getting caught in a bubble. guy in sf with prestigious job feeling trapped by his beautiful life.
the structure of our lives determines who we are.
a terrifying thought.
for someone whose self worth is predicated on: turbulence, creativity, and originality.
my approach to exiting the bubble is..?
—
lately, hearing myself more often
this is a bad thing
—
same as lately, lately, checking myself in every mirror and combination / permutation of self.
like. seeking truth in aesthetics through exposure.
but maybe that’s not the right approach
getting nowhere
believing that others think i’m cute
but why
my face is long it’s still long
can we take the features and restructure?
but no a couple days this week sort of liking face.
—
feeling less the tangibility of money
—
lately the glow of screen, the small red number with notifications - addictive
—
yesterday: presenting care management stuff to bidco. of course, not going to use most features in near future. but direction is right. affirming as designer. my innovation (though simple) - the care plan review form is what’s important. just need to ensure that design gaps are filled.
leaving. and seeing myself, from career perspective.
getting ready (searching everywhere for wallet). and then a text from alisse like: can you figure out dates wanna book hawaii if necessary now. then: actually tentative plan is to be in hawaii can do something in between family trip. going off to get drinks for kelly evan’s goodbye, texts lightly lingering in my head. talking with uber driver about his career. machinist. now uber driver. immigrated age 10. 30 now. colombian. hard worker. at bar. texts lingering, anyway, but not too bothered. alisse still seems keen to travel, but has just booked lots. then: grasping that she is booked like end march on. and that she’s not like really inviting me. and that she’s gone soon. but mostly, that she’s not responding to passive aggressive messages.
kelly (o’brine) noticing my look before leaving. and talking through everything with me. clear, i guess, that i want to stay with alisse. but for her. or for ego?
talking to kelly but also just studying her face and her pupillary distance and oh okay i guess it’s attractive even though narrow like mine
—
new porches album = perfect for mood
—
good things with alisse. dinner with her and vira wednesday. chatting chatting good whatever cool normal. then vira leaving. good sex & hangout. alisse looking at me in my eyes. deeply. i feel close. asking me to make plans to travel in may. okay. she really likes me.
today though. not sleeping. loop / frustration with alisse her not caring. bad mood all day. face looks bad. things are not interesting. eating pretzels. can i just do more checklist items?
—
okay
going to talk to alisse
about travels
right right
but probably also more than travels because march she leaves leaves
so: do we want to stay together?
well
no
okay
first, the travel things.
- i’m upset you invited me to travel, gave me an ultimatum, and then closed ultimatum (okay i’m just gonna go to hawaii). increasingly exclusionary. is this just like being casual and noncommittal or just non enthusiastic about traveling with me.
- why did you decide hawaii before family trip if it’s more expensive?
- you should be more inviting if you really want me. you left no room to speculate with me. it’s all: if you wanted to plan something can fit you in.
but okay this is more than travel:
- this is the first indication (in my eyes) that you care about me (why haven’t you told me still that you like me?)
- also: you’re gone, effectively, from end march. and then your lease ends in jun. and that sucks and it’s upsetting.
next year
- i feel so close and intimate with you. in tune. physically, emotionally. like: i feel passionate about you romantically. but also practically. i think i can grow with you.
= now me, now. thinking about career this past week. the exposure i have is incredible. i still have lots of room to grow (1-2 years). realistically, i think, i want to stay here at least 1 more year.
- i haven’t weighed these two things together. partly because i wanna know where you’re at. but. i want to explore being with you.
okay. really, probably, what is driving my mood is a fear that alisse does not want to stay with me.
but what if she doesn’t want this?

2/1

mama’s bday. a call in the morning, on drive home. making cookie’s for kiddies. baba at beach with friends. nothing for mom planned. her bday not a bday. ‘how did you know it was my bday?’. i remembered mama. i remember.

this, after morning with alisse. sad face at my leaving to gym so quickly? but then - not mobilizing quickly enough. and so not able to make gym. alisse like: you should have gone. but honestly not phased. maybe like happy she wants me there.

don’t let yourself dissolve into relationship ether. less: gym, projects, me. but only 1.5 months of alisse. so whatever.

last night a bday day for alisse. in meeting: rhoda talking about her research is low priority. contradicting previous guidance and making alisse feel useless. (a talk, saturday, when may was here, about how alisse wanted explicit support twice: once when telling me she needs hug/had really bad day, and other time, when telling about sexual assault. me, draining support from her like all the time.) so had to show support. tasty momo with alisse for dinner. cuddling with her + cat momo for a while. talking about things things good sex falling asleep cuddling waking brushing teeth back to sleep up again hey cutie hey girl i really like you i wake up to you i like to wake up to you.

now, kamasi washington playing. a mini yoga session now. a gym session in the morning. i need the gym.

my face long. these glasses make them longer, maybe. i don’t know. but my face is long it’s true and it’s factual. a comment by alisse. how my face made my hair look long. and then: morgan comparing to me ‘some guy in friend’s band, a doppelgänger’, who, it turns out is simon rodrigues. and like: i’m okay with that / i get it. but a bit about how his face is ‘a little wider’. they see. they see my narrow face. how does anyone like this face. and: exposing to alisse all these insecurities. because, during sex, thinking she’s not feeling it, when she totally was, and really just channeling my insecurities.

but no your face is okay some people think you’re cute?

how many selfies / mirror stares to grow fond of face? so far in the hundreds, maybe thousands?

2018-03-17
—
waking, baking - pancake crepe like concoction called ? can’t remember
(dutch baby)

now, freshly dropped off iphone at ups. for le summer.
missing summer’s bday by..4 days. damn. hardly calling family lately, in an alisse bubble.

alisse - getting the groceries, cooking, making everything. a good one.

love sucking up me and all of me. a restlessness/itch to be productive and do things.

thinking how to restructure site. new categorization. show scales.

color by depth? or outline
include tag sorting

cm dashboard (datavis)
referral dashboard (datives) **
hospital quality (datavis)
referral interactive (datavis)
thesis * (product)
static posters (ehr, referral, quality, bubbles, risk) (datavis)
referral app (ux / product)
> explain design process
care management * (ux/product)
>
blackbox (ux/product)
a weird sort of art project in which i attempt to categorize myself, use this as means to develop of method of quickly digging deep.

oh more on dis shit
like refactor website, few different layouts with mini visual
explain each product with design decisions

other work at arcadia :
other: narrative research table

high and distracted from everything - but by curiosity

new evernote like way improved design

thinking about tech tech tech digital things
ego things like: looking at my first site and like hey this is actually a decent piece of web design. and then me and how like maybe i’m charming? flatter myself when high

wow this week cannot stop working thinking about work tech tech somehow not too saturated like frustrated but not too saturated

work busy busy. like waves of work sprouting. and i have to surf them all, while maintaining a straight direction

when all music sounding too familiar, diiv good

a weird moment and looking at my hand like whoa these are my hands

sticky notes as a self portrait

behavior stream: no coffee, lots of sleep. sharp, grounded, level. productive. but idk 2 normal?
thoughts: hm. i don’t know. a bad thing? work and alisse. weird dreams. and how my world is narrow. today walking outside like oh wow that was exciting. 10 min walk. convo with may yesterday: a quarter life crisis. so maybe that.
thinking a lot of design and ux and tech.

is loving yourself kind of a romantic thing?

looking at my site like i violated rules of padding and spacing and stuff was unrestrained because i didn’t know standards and i guess i can see benefit in some ways

and a break to watch porn while listening to diiv

3/24

how will i actually text parse all dis i don’t get it.
last night quite tipsy today not hungover tho
initially stupor of thought drifting through work work work
secondary just like jerk off who should i think of i think alisse da best even in dreams

okay up this morning and apartment perfectly clean, perfectly quiet. naked. let’s be naked. crystal castles, first thing. okay that was cool but let’s shift day a bit.

fucked up fantasies = should i even write ? people close committing suicide, unexpectedly.

yesterday work - surprise - you need to go to bidco! positive actually, patient identification algorithms super cool / this care management stuff doe. meeting in many directions, but like dats how it is.
last nite company party tho. last 30 min - everyone getting down. ali, some rudimentary breakdancing. sharing - best time at arcadia, right there. drinks after. personal conversation with morgan, throughout most of it. ride home - amrit talking about complications with ex.

okay need to write because lately like just riding the waves and doing and not sure - not sure exactly if i’m retaining in control. like these podcasts. listen to them - then what? this track changes one - about dynamic land. well really interview with creative engineer / designer — eventually goes on to start a computing space that doesn’t involve computers. like actually physical. will read bout it now. okay nvm actually following up so i guess retaining. but should at least just write down titles and a couple sentences. like a new list - podcasts listened to. then this longform interview with nitasha tiku - wired editor. article about thrill clit cult. sf branded movement for orgasmic meditation. tons o profit.okay nvm actually retaining. but those invisibilia, 99pi stories sometimes a whirr of narrative rapture. and like those silly track changes

media. new music. where it at. not here. sir. no. young fathers album, against all logic, pretty good.

dressing well - totally a design problem. kind of have the permutations in wardrobe figured out.

okay design thoughts i’m a designer i have a product have to make it super cool cool cool. what if the accent color was generative for no reason? okay we need second accent of orange, probably. like used for navigation. other places? we need pages for documentation.
so much day no obligations what 2 do..too many possibilities. like reading interactive pudding datavis articles. redesign website. specs / designs for applications.
after reading this article jose linked - thinking about different types of web design. where i’ve fallen. how there’s like interaction design and then just layout. need to start explaining myself better.

oh this weekend like def have to plan alisses’ bday. a letter. a website. website is good. i mean it’s good good. trips, concerts, tix, etc just whatever.

the problem is: i don’t know what i want - or more deeply, i don’t believe in knowing what i want.

in that mood like too much to do and have energy but like ah i wanna do things but also maybe i should like organize all my notes and things and not continue to spill everywhere.

not routine def good. sleep, no coffee, steady productive work mon wed thu. then thu night, smoke. fri, coffee. ideas spilling. mood up down up. on ride back - invisibilia podcast, listening to guy talk about his relationship to family. becoming close with older woman. and me - almost crying for a second. don’t get the emotions.

ready to embark on creative journey.

2018-04-07
—
hi today is

2 am
today is peanut butter waiting toasting because good for hangover (?) but bad for throat but mostly good for addiction and/or yummy
today is
self awareness
meeting with vira
bright lights in the kitchen
talking about things. work. preparing. and a parallel conversation of - what kind of drink can we put together with these miscellaneous leftovers? whiskey cider, the best. all others (triple sec cranberry) bad.
martin - talking about work. and interesting / context - context is interesting but then ugh let’s stop talking about it and so we move on
two lines of blow
into middlesex dancing hard hard hard. actual hip hop night. aina, casey’s cute friend from catalan who he offended 5 years ago.
friday night is frantic cleaning because saturday morning is waking up. the rationale, really?
hard to get weed these days
weirdness at club: dudes standing, solid, staring (like dance or something) and other dude creeping, apparently grabbing vira’s ass. anger. awake, loose, fight?
earlier today so much work drama n work things
time 2
watch atlanta

3p

the best time to reflect is when you do not have space, solitude? because then you are empty, reflections become reality. so like a lack of mental space = distance from memories. objectivity?
an attempted 3araby coffee latte type of thing, but with almond milk. a little watery.
a little sunlight, a little happiness
major multi-tasking. or fragmentation. 1 atlanta episode, many breaks: chicken cooked, rice cooked, coffee made (accompanying snickerdoodle), dishes done.
not really hungover or anything despite coke + tipsy last night
razor focused zone - doing painful work like loading amita data, cleaning up CM scripts to make them generalizable across clients.
car to wash, self to coffee shop. forge. parents. white parents, mostly. 9:30a but very busy. tunnel vision/thoughts. entering, cappuccino (eh), work, leaving.
alisse..

4/10

yesterday like does ego or love give me boners or is it like a combo idk
now dinner khababees. some leftovers. a carrot. bread, pesto halloumi. nibbling at chicken. wheat thins.
referral app issues work like zoned in and that

feedback loops. i think. i know. everything with alisse great. talking to family making me feel distance to alisse and then like omg what am i doing how am i going to sustain this let me pull away and look i am less cuddly see i am less cuddly!! mainly the lack of cuddliness the worry. visceral real manifestation. but of course - thoughts manifest in real way. i am fine and we are good and we are great and i am - in love.

4/25

dumb article title of the day: standing up at your desk can make you smarter.
leave the clothes, bag on the floor. because mess is texture, brain wants texture. or needs texture today. today too flat. another day another day.
day flat mind dull but - mind also racing. so maybe maybe not dull. i don’t know.
speakers, descend to me
work work work do do coordinate spreadsheet check uncheck write down follow-up. follow up. today. beauracracy’s biggest opponent. oh also hearing from meucci how i didn’t fuck this project up. he should reviewed brd/trd. i don’t know.
browsing jobs like and like it’s basically PM or designer. but maybe can be a hybrid at some places. i don’t know can i rly find better job.
baba’s bday happy bday baba. shit where i been who i am what a son
ricky eat acid beautiful
hello panda, in my teeth. scour for more in an empty bag.

oh alisse think about that girl a lot

restlessness, dissolve
please

4/30

picturing a sad disposition very literally. like this gravitational force pulling lips down.
to me to me, that’s what it is. because i’m good now and things are good but there’s a lingering disposition.

a couple hits of joint. just a couple. but enough to feel heavy eyes. a debate internally - smoke or not? sometimes, smoking at night a sort of self-prescribed medication for the mundane.

new forth wanderers. listening in car. lo-fi rock, the time, state of mind, in which i super dug it. but also that feeling it gives me. tingles.

obsessing over comment may made when we went out saturday - how i farted super loudly, selena and her would text about it. a weighty embarrassment, forcing a smile. muscles not wanting the smile. and then like: oh i’m saying that cause you know you it wasn’t a big deal it’s chill. it’s chill to - you, someone making fun of me behind my back? yea it is chill in that situation, most of the time. embarrassing me in front of jesse like that. and also the personality implications of being bottled up.
(the context - talking aboutt bidet/poops - farts - openness about that in a relationship).
and maybe adding self-improvement advice in there for her to show i’m not the only flawed one.
lots of time afterwards, me explaining how that was hurtful. in a cutting, rational, emotionally aware sort of way.
okay i thought about that way too many times like 100x
not super weighing on me but a thing to think about. and then weighing on me maybe.
(a tweet. today - inspired by mira gonzalez to tweet)

how jesse talked about how she was doing lots of work and then moved to big company and actually just realized she was not doing thing right and that quality was just lower (even though she had way more responsibility)

today listening to podcast on which woman describes herself as shy, anxious - but also, has online presence being super self-effacing and embarrassing. how this, for her, serves as defense mechanism. because any criticism is unsurprising if you tear yourself apart. can relate.

a sudden momentum to switch to spotify

giving thoughts legitimacy. a tricky thing to think about.

quite horny these days. weird. not even caffeine. or happiness bursting or anything. penis just want it.

missing alisse a lot. okay i do really love her.
the practicality of love, thinking about it a lot lately. today, the two weeks ago thought stream of - should i even stay w alisse not arab/muslim who am i / identity / family all that - so foreign and like oh i’m me doing me what else chill don’t think 2 hard.
supposed to write lots about that lately
oscillating a bit between: this girl is amazing and grounded and perfect on the important things vs where is my weird slightly destructive artsy romance. the latter - stupid. i think.

how you can overthink ui when you’re designing because so many tis just like okay

this sudden realization that i talk a certain way, repeat certain phrases, things.

thinking a lot about application headers
okay sudden inspiration to redesign header. done. best version yet.

letting work fill the void friendships. dangerous?

forth wanderers sound 2 good

lunch with abhi me not present just like wowzie staring and occasionally listening super intensely then just wandering

eating too fast lately all the sort of obsessive behaviors popping up. goal: kill these before hawaii, so i can enjoy travel trip me etc.

5-6

sink, i think, dripping

looking at stowe places. lira’s rec.
mornings: today, yesterday, lately, tea & foam roll, breakfast. oh and cleaning up.

day beautiful

thinking: i really should go to grad school. reasons not to = can just do stuff on my own (yes, true, but won’t be in the presence of creative weirdo smarties), no moneys (that’s okay), over qualification (that’s real). but really: master’s not worth it, unless lots of funding (the ideal)

super extremely horny yesterday like wake up from nap and bursting, need to do this before picking up guru the caterer.

this thought, weighing on me of: structured social interactions. dominate life moving forward. like i know this / knew this. but: internalizing, observing this now. because: casey, eric, vira leaving. no parties / crazy last nights out / etc etc. partly the atmosphere of this city maybe too. well no, don’t blame the city. but: incredibly sad.

looking up: above knee pain, behind knee pain.

when high today: thoughts for the twitter. but, did not write down.

easing restless yesterday. bike ride, hike, chilling outside with vira. euphoria. beautiful day. bike bike. ‘you bike like you drive’. hills. oof. wandering. a snake, running. snacks, joint, settling into the rock. chickpea collage, trader joe’s snacks spilling. not recalling what, exactly, but scattered, fun thoughts. ones for the insta. how talking about other people is a way to bond, get closer with the person you’re around.


routine makes me sad. happiness is possibility.

2018-05-11
—


friday (5-11)
---
list
-6am flight
-short layover > next flight
-mainly: sleeping, reading neuromancer. a little restless like ‘are we there yet’?
-3p, alisse scoop !
-a snack at banan! frozen banana wow. alisse, acai. me: choco crunch monster. bird with stump for a foot.
-off to cromwell’s beach. took off shirt, alisse joining.
-lei upon entrance! meeting, family, truffles! lil photo.
-dinner at susie’s. ‘networked’.
-everyone is super nice here.
-home, good sex, good sleep.

annotations

6am flight. easy to wake because hawaiii.
getting in like 3pm. alisse pulling up. a lil awkward (i mean not like actual awkward just like hey cutie haven’t seen you in a while). within 1 hour: at beach, shirt off. well wait no first. stopping by banan. like frozen yogurt except straight banana. acai bowls too. sunny, eating in little parking lot with makeshift outdoor seating. wow. then then: beach, shirt off already. talking about things things to alisse. eventually: topic of exes somehow coming up, how her and jake on good terms. and me like weird: asking, do you get jealous? like no. talking a lil bit about how i am close/personal when talking to people, seems like i’m flirting. things things. watching beach. people around me. barefoot walk to car, it’s okay.
drive home. suitcases in hand. not sure what do with hands, self. awk awk. hug alisses’ mom, shake alisses’ dad’s hand. aliases’ mom adorning me with lei. too cute. not sure what conversation was like. small talky. flight okay. a lil tired. ya3ne ya3ne.
and then: walking to dinner at susie’s. opting for sneakers, others like wha no flip flop? need to transform him to hawaiian boy. at susie’s, sitting outside near beach. some fruit on the table. aliases’ dad, me, alisse, sitting. others milling about. joining us: eileen, husband, and amy (nurse / IT trainer / used to be nurse and flight attendant). quiet through most of dinner. a sidebar conversation about healthcare IT with amy. talking just a little bit about myself (work) to group. walking back, truffles waiting for me to join group. alisse looking at me, smiling.
get home. attempting sex on bed (too creaky) - moving to couch. hot, heavy.
—> what’s playing behind quietness? really just awkward, shy. and a little like whoa real commitment.

saturday (5-12)
---
list
-breakfast: alisses’ mom cooking french toast! going up, chatting before alisse comes down.
-deciding: go to makapu’u tidepools, and then beach nearby. a mini hike in makapu’u (beautiful) - down the cliff, ocean, mountain, lighthouse in distance. giant wave. and then tide pools. otherworldly. hopping tidepools
-contacts falling out, getting a little late, hungry. ridding of contact as we walk away.
-first real poke! spicy ahi w/ brown rice! yum! poke crunch bowl (some teriyaki sauce and little crunchies). i get it.
-malasadas too!
-thai food @ nite
-westworld at night. a little sleepy sleepy. fell asleep in last 5 minutes. i think back up for sexy time then sleep.

annotations
morning like: wake up, wake up, french toast no makeup.
at tidepools. pretty & beautiful and enjoying it, quietly, but not like bam bam wow so excited! and when contact falling out, getting a little grumpy. not like directed towards alisse just like eh ready to go. i think tho mostly in a good mood. mood evaluation. hopping pools. starting first in a tiny one, moving to larger once it cleared out. waves, sprinkles nearby. and then, off to to the edge. a tide pool with a bunch of
we got poke
conversation at night about sex / sex partners / you the best.
—> happy, having fun - but not as much as i should have. lack of presence attributed to statement about weed lube / jealousy with sex.

sunday
---
-making breakfast for raccine. two dutch babies!
-safeway first. friendly cashier (oh don’t worry about item limit, we’re jamming). then foodland for lube.
-manoa falls! the opening, absolutely amazing. and can also go up close to the waterfall. swung on the tree.
-attempt to go to fish market, closed because mama’s day
-waiola’s shave ice stop! man who has known alisse for 20 years, looks the same, asks about her. me: rainbow flavor: vanilla, banana, strawberry. alisse: lilikoi, strawberry. mochi balls on the bottom, condensed milk on the top. alisse blending into the wall in the photo.
-waikiki (kind of busy touristy beachy boojy area). scouring for parking - zoo initially, then parking. jumping in the water because so beautiful. alisse encouraging me to play.
-walking past beaches to shops. giant tree in shopping area. sat at bench for like 5 min and observed.
-back to house by 4:30 for early mother’s day dinn.
-dinner with the whole family (mom’s side). grandma, uncle curtis, aunt gail & husband glen, cousin. quiet, slow. calming. shrimp tempura, tofu katsu, soba noodles w/ spiraled veggies, sushi, brussel sprouts (alisse making while i shower), fruit salad, white rice. strawberry apple blueberry crisp.
-alisse & me: doing dishes, cleaning.
-another westworld at nite. another bang.

annotations.
a little smile from alisse at the dinner — seeing me with her family.
—> i think, fairly present throughout the day.

monday
--
list
-leftovers. i secretly had some some of the crisp (alisse seeing my spoon as evidence).
-let’s go on a hike. wanting a hard, hardcore hike.
-cloudy at the top, but beautiful.
-china wall for sunset. breathtaking.
-mochiko tofu for dinner. helping cook a little before, going and coming, eating with alisse’s mom.

annotations

before bed, why are you so sad?
—> jealousy, again. because not believing what alisse initially said. not fully reassured. this other thread of jealousy i think stemming from hike in manoa falls, where alisse said she took someone (ex?) to manoa. story was just like complaining about then being ungrateful. but this, creating thread of jealousy, knowing someone else came, and that she has done like super intense hikes with them. i expressed no interest in doing this though.

tuesday
---
- flight to kauai 8am. declaring sad omar dead.
- hopping around island, circling map, finding places. first stop: botanical gardens. need res. or well: coffee right before.
- lighthouse + birdwatching. birdwatching i get it.
- fish market. poke, shitome. like. yum.
- secret beach.
- attempted to go to ke’e beach. closed, landslides. walk walk. hanalei bay stop. acai. wander to car.
- hotel break / shower / bang bang
- gummies
- dance sesh
- watch sunset. crabs. water men. waves.
- dinner. mexican tofu plate & mochiko fish taco. soo yum.
- sleep bye

actually mood good


wednesday
- grocery store: toothpaste and coffee, as alisse readying.
- waimea falls. the view: nice, but crowded, distant from waterfall. discovering mini hike down to waterfall. around to the back of fall. mesmerizing.
- lunch: savage shrimp & ice cream (matcha goood). tummies in sync.
- snorkeling wowie. turtle, sea monk, stick fish, schools n schools.
- farmers market. sampling jams. mai tai, watching elementary performance. boy dance. hm.
- attempted polihale state park for sunset (1+ hour away). last stretch of road - straight rocks. little buggy could not handle. smiles from passerbys like y’all crazy. we were. turn turn around.
- nearby beach for sunset. cathartic, beautiful.
- kauai ramen. local mainly. ramen, shrimp tempura, hamachi nigiri.
- home. showa sleepy. sleep.

mood, externally, quite good. save for my weirdness at the end of waterfall hike. alisse telling me twice to avoid rope as she hikes. i stayed too close. second time, kind of scolding me. leaving the hike and being annoying and aloof and not directly communicative. wearing down her patience. me thinking like: why don’t you apologize for once. like i know i’m more wrong than you, but you were harsh this time. and thinking of different time, where she got upset with my tone when i was like ‘wha why did you use my jacket to pack your stuff’. and like - hey i should have been more upset that time. and that other time after providence. except i was actually just annoying. but it took a lot to make her apologize. but idk i see why. overall. those two incidents unrelated. this is not a broad trend. this is just a thought. a one time thing.

thursday
- sunrise on beach. coffee, banana, packing. poops (encore).
- straight to awa’awapuhi trail. two lookouts. shit damn wow at view.
- downhill hike. into the ridges. sea, sky blending.
- up, quickly.
- named lookouts. rainy, foggy. retreating into car.
- stumbling into waimea canyon lookout. ‘grand canyon of pacific’. green blue orange crayons canyon tooo baf
- fish market. matcha. on the curb. airport.

friday
~trip~
-morning: taking care of the fridge man
-deciding to just trip near the house

saturday
-morning: coffee, lingering in house. farmer’s market.
-serious talks
-lunch at grandma’s
-back home. finishing card, packing.
-chilling with the family. fixing the tv.
-off to dinner at roy’s (alisses’ family favorite)
-back from dinner. awkwardly giving out card. exclaiming ‘i wrote a card’. rather than like ‘hey thank you, here’s a card to show my gratitude’.
annotations

5-24

like: write your good thoughts down lately
because lately: bad bad thoughts
today, kind of level. work zone, i think = not thinking of self, sort of helping. theory: maybe just restless, so, in hawaii, early, not in zone to chill, let bad thoughts fill me up. unable to just ~be~ observe.

i guess - goal in life - not happiness, but i think desires aligning with actions. like  doing what i feel like. or - what i feel like doing, is i want to feel like doing. maybe: being the person i want to be. like. living up to this theoretical image. i don’t know.

oh alisse asking what sort of children’s story i want to write. and thinking: theme of growth. in texts: whole world is growing and changing and bloopy. and inanimate objects transition to lifeforms to people or maybe just people like things. and this one human is plopped into this world and doesn’t understand this interconnectedness, this ebb and flow. boy comes in, wearing a propeller cap, overalls. nice and cute but unaware of his impact. inconsiderate. boy is caught doing something low-key destructive - maybe pulling grass. grass blade he is pulling is mid transition so still can talk. name is tooshie. also tooshie is like hey that hurts. and as this is happening, boy is distracted, his propeller cap flies away. and two themes converge: inattention to harm he is causing, and connectedness to larger ecosystem around him. boy having epiphany. meanwhile, propeller cap flies off boy, lands on plant. plant smiles. end of story.

maybe i should do a thing like - start with a prompt. and new story, everyday. creative therapy. less i focus on me, more i can think about me rationally.

keep in mind: the good lessons from acid

self awareness in a good way. like detaching self from self and like oh i am this person alisse loves and i’m real and 3d and she sees me touches me and that our love is pretty less fragile than i imagine

view jealousy as irrational. logic is your way out.

maybe - see a therapist

oh some me observations:
•	that back bend yoga move. easy to end of day, hard to do in morning. stiff back when waking.
•	my mood really fluctuates
•	i may be happiest - or most stable, in control - when producing things. contributing.
•	not awkward around casey’s parents last night. contrast to aliases’ parents. or first time meeting other parents


2018-06-15
—
morbid curiosity
going on quora for answers to my insecurities
self-love vs selfish
i need less of the latter (maybe not thaat much less), more of former

okay
need to actually work on my thinking patterns
'official love myself / insecurities document' - work to prevent thought patterns
but also need to build a library of positive thoughts

ideas:
datavis therapy

ultimately i think self-love should be fundamental. but i suppose i could build it up through situations? or is that just missing the point.

okay some bad things: snooping. biggest regret for 2018. looking for validation that my relationship with alisse is the best. and i think that's the case but feeling shitty for seeing concrete evidence of real intimacy with someone else. but what did i have with stef? jade? jade maybe not that much. finding that yes: alisse did have a legit relationship where she liked someone. this person - fundamentally different from me.

just like weirdly scrolling through lots of old texts idk why can intellectualize it with like interest in memory / passage of time / how things change / actual thoughts vs text but like no i am just being morbidly curious and doing bad things that don't make me feel good because now is present and there is enough to be validated, love, appreciate in the present

—

with siavash
the fountain at davis, chilling in it. it is: an amazing thing. lying down on the bricks, taking in sun.
overhearing a conversation with father and child. explaining why she can no longer feed the geese. saying it in a way a kid can understand: then they forgot how to find food for themselves. wow. eloquent. sensing tension between mother and daughter.
tension between mother and father — siavash recalling how this type of tension is incredibly consuming and dominating as a kid. like a bad trip.
recalling conversation with wes’s (cute) friend. damn that girl

—

high and more confident


a story named ‘my journey to self love’. and like how i just write write and never self assess - never give brain an opportunity to reject negativity about self

wanting to talk to alisse, excitedly, about strategies for self improvement

damn i got a cutie
so damn cute

—

a rap song like: looked at myself i don’t like myself. looking at myself i don’t like myself. looking am i self now i like my self

—

a revelation like alisse has seen my face in my angles i’m not hiding

today emotional like kid cudi


6/24

waking up. an early bed (11) on saturday, waking at 7. drink water, wash up. no conditioning. no tea, no food. just write.

a feeling of .. inactivity, slight dullness. yesterday, after the day smoke. fading into today, cloudy. need to get up.

depressing / growing up thoughts: planning to meet up with aaron and jacob. and, maybe like 10:30ish, a little too late for them. and like us not wanting to hang either. but their structured, routine life: sleeping at 10, waking at 6:45 or something like that. their quarrels, about how sleeps slightly later but they still get in bed together at the same time. and like imagining my life. my life my life and how it might be turning into that.

getting back from work yesterday, like 5:40. coco waiting here, door open. colin’s day: good, chill, recovering from weeklong inorganic conference. drinking, staying up everyday.

going out to play ball. chatting, balling. jesse & sf things. and then: to davis for poke, and off to spy pond. third week in a row perhaps. smoking a baby. coco explaining his 2 month long relationship with mormon, the possessiveness. and weird contrast with sex. my various paths: moving, grad school.

okay these are just things that happened. thoughts thoughts thoughts?

latest portfolio artsy thoughts
•	journal parser that takes out ‘i think’ statements and floats them around in some visual
•	a website where you go to unwind / take a walk. like just endless loop of people going on walks. or maybe multiple videos people upload. so you don’t have to do it type of thing,
•	blackbox course

work friday getting advice from nick on what i need to do without much discussion on what i am doing. like advice is not tailored to the situation really. showing spreadsheet of features that need design and he’s like we need that nailed down asap. but: this rush is why things are poorly designed. also, look at the full list of other things that are already designed. a little short with him, visibly. and then a roadmap meeting where cook gleeson nick just fuxing around.

a good ego moment: looking what up what kyruus (company applied for in college) and realizing that it’s referral mgmt - that i have designed and built an app from scratch that does what they do. not as good but still check me out.

thoughts drifting into alisses’ previous relationship and really there is nothing to be jealous about but it’s just weird to think.

things:
•	travel to chicago sun / mon for AMITA. also to ny previously.
•	delving deep into love self initiative. sort of.
•	continuing to look at every single person with a long face, examine/study, and imagine how i compare.
•	but maybe looking at me in the mirror with slightly more positivity.
•	smooth peanut butter for a change
•	body a little bigger buffer. lift ball yoga no cardio at gym.
•	things good talking to alisse
•	but how do i love myself when my face is long.
•	the next step

2018-07-06
—
this week bad things
mentally
talks and talks and talks with alisse

lately i have been: selfish selfish. negative. selfish negative negative negative.

talk: feeling sick, shaky today. comforted by alisse. massage first. a pause in massage, and i am brewing in - bad feeling. not anger but..bad feeling. pause because call from doctor related to appointment. me like: this is just an errand, you can do this later? but maybe like business hours. and also maybe like chill out it’s not all about me. < this state of mind. scanning for bad things.

telling alisse we probably shouldn’t go to work outing, when in fact i do want her to show up. and then, resentment building up because i want her to be like: no let’s go. although she offered to try to go before hanging with katie. upset she made plans with katie?

and then: supporting alisse. talks about supporting alisse. the first of course a while ago with: sexual assault, but also coupled with telling me i have herpes hsv1?  the next: that one time she had a long / rough day. the other? oh! alisse feeling sick after bug bite, and me not responding. and a small one: not complimenting/showing enthusiasm about food.

of course: the bad situation with alisse coming out

i am going to go to therapy, decided, decidedly.
i am - a little bit broken.
but that’s okay?

my problems are
•	not feeling insecure in alisse’s love for me
•	trusting alisse really. loyalty to me. kind of issue in past relationships.
•	*jealousy: feeling like she compares me to other exes. also issue in past relationships.
•	feelings like i am worth it, unique, etc, amazing
•	overall - not grounded in anything

the quickest thing i want to do is not let this get in the way of supporting her

feeling this stuff really only once

asking quora: my girlfriend is bisexual, should i be worried? answer: no.
this is not a problem because: alisse first thought about this many many months ago, and, in the meantime has fallen in love with me. the only small thing is ‘feeling a little limited, but not enough to see someone else’. that hurt.

(good things) alisse saying:
that she said she told herself she would never do long distance again but then me
that she can see herself with me in the course of years and not just months
that she super loves me too
she is committed to me. i am committed to. you know i’m committed to you.

i’ve been bad to alisse, bad to me.

that’s about: all that’s on my mind.

we are good for each other. you: good for me. me: good for you. we are strong and our relationship is strong.

2018-08-04
—
not in a while
consistently
on the rise i mean
constantly
getting high i mean
i mean
inspired i mean i mean

okay
bad raps
okay no one around these days (these days just a few) but. nonetheless. talking to myself already.

(everyone gone now. trisha here. reef?)
i
text weird i’m a weirdo
i look weird i’m a weirdo

that would be. extremely cool. should i put this on twitter?

—
okay 8-6 i guess continuing
monday
soundly of the day: frizzle frazzle
at steward for upgrade. yesterday (sun) 12 hours of work. mainly cm stuff. but also like tracking down all these various upgrade things

> applied for jet blue card zhwoop
that zhwoop iPhone message sound as confirmation of diff actions
lost its notice not gonna deal w that now
no alisse text all day hmm but she still in class and various events
looking at boxes and how boxes and divisions are made and sometimes ux is not a big deal because i read and i know what it says and it’s obvious
and i look and maybe my eye is just more critical for my own software. everything needing to be consistent. strict standards and font-sizes. now seeing: this evernote reminders container just looks thrown in sort of. but: it’s cohesive, makes sense, and is quite navigable. i guess rare to see truly ~beautiful~ software. lots of pretty good. but not like o my mommy.
suggested provider list and tabs and things
scolding people for not having good work ethic and being unreliable
to do list mounting mounting mounting
looking at google keep and then getting sucked into release planning
sucked and drained
okay not so bad. need to work and push through these things. but shit it’s august and when am i gonna start my portfolio?

hanging with trisha saturday. awkward conversation with alisse on speaker. trisha clearly not present. rather than asking ‘wanna hang later’ instead mounting excuses. but then: smoke, and it’s chill. talking about: memory. uh. med school and ambitions around high school. hm hm. pretty good vibe overall.

i need to fix fix fix how these apps look. for my sanity pride sense of well being.

facebook lurking a bit like what’s jack usher that funny guy up to? oh dating christina ames still i see. okay. and acting away.

put up document asking noor what we been up to.

okay looking at design portfolio and i think i can be a designer. but nah don’t wanna be.

practical pragmatic journaling.

okay like bigger things and patterns
—
(cop out) not super self aware / reflective lately, things happening, happening

—

wknd
•	fri. home. wrk and then - home a little late. bike ride to davis, poke. back home.
•	sat. wake and forge. groceries at: star market, way back. home. lots of cleaning. sink clogging. cooking. packing for alisse. laundry. these things, day slide by. then, aforementioned chill w trisha.
•	sun. tamper and work. and then. lunch and home and work. and alisse, end of night.
texts lately
•	vira
•	erico

—
long distance real. oddly more secure and chill with than expected. not too phased by hanging once/mo.

2018-08-20
—
hey -

some thoughts about — what i need to do to better support you. there are other things you talked about today too, and i want to talk about that later.

you:
—
apart from family - you are the most important person to me. i care about you so so much. i go to sleep thinking about you, dream about you. i picture what you’re up to throughout the day. i make yelps because i really cannot find an adequate way to show you how much i love you.

you are in a new place, doing new things, doing well -- but also surrounded by people you’ve just met. your family is at home, your grandmother is sick. and you’re unable to see her. your boyfriend talks to you everyday, but never checks in. in fact, just shares his own problems (many of them trivial - requiring your comfort and emotional energy).

deserve a partner who knows how you’re feeling, who is anticipating your feelings, and trying to make you feel better. who helps you process your emotions and think through them. and makes you feel good, loved, and comforted.


me:
—
i’m going to include you on what i’ve been thinking - but, i don’t expect any response. i will work through this by myself, with friends, and with a therapist. you’ve provided way too much guidance, energy, and patience, and i don’t want to take more of that.

we’ve had a conversation about supporting you four times previously - and four times i felt extremely upset, guilty, and ready to change. i’ve said this is unacceptable, that this isn’t something i need to work on, but that i need to address this issue now.
why haven’t i be become better at supporting you?
—
let me pick up at the last time we had this conversation. i remember how upset i was for you, and how urgently i wanted to make you feel comforted and loved. like i had so much love for you in me, i just wanted you to see it, and feel it. i would stay up, waiting for the next day to come, so i can be there for you. i made sure to ask you about your grandma was doing, how things were at home. to listen, and ask you again. for a week or two.
and then i stopped. ever since you started med school.

i think: urgency was driving me to make these changes. i knew you were upset, i desperately wanted to make you feel better. and things became better (not actually - i mean, the urgency just went away because i was showing you support). and then i stopped asking. clearly - this was not a wake up call for me. each four of those times that we discussed me supporting you better, what i felt was more and more gravity. i have a lot of confidence about how much i care about you / how i can express that. i thought that, with how much i love you and care about you, i would automatically adjust and be better for you. i did not go deeper in realizing what i’m doing wrong, what sort of issues are causing me to act like this. so — i didn’t actually identify anything specific that i needed to work on, beyond just ‘showing you that i care’.

that i was relying on urgency is: appalling. makes me sick thinking about this. that i’m only ready to comfort you only when you outwardly feel really bad, and explicitly tell me that? it’s not just bad support. it’s mean.

there are some underlying issues that i need to address. this is not casual, this is not temporary, this is an intervention. (lack of) self-awareness is part of the problem (i’ll get to that in a bit) - but the bigger issue i think is that i am being too selfish, and not focusing enough on you. on your emotions. our dynamic is too much ‘you supporting me’. to change that, i want to: run any emotion problem/insecurity that relates to you by myself (writing), and a friend first. i want to bring less of my emotional weight. and ask you more about how you’re feeling (not just what you’re doing, and how you feel about specific situations). i want to focus more on your emotions, and less on mine (and not at all on irrational ones). also - i need to shatter this idea of you being ridiculously emotionally sound - this does get in the way of exploring your feelings.

i need to work, also, on being more self-aware, and understanding what basis my thought patterns have. i will to go to therapy, to talk to friends, and write everyday (about how i’m feeling, and what i did, and whether i’ve been good to you). these are structured things that i can schedule, prioritize, and do. i am confident in that.

there is no doubt in my head about how much i care about you. i know that, i really do. that — is not the issue. but there are plenty of others that i will work to start addressing now. tomorrow, and everyday after that.

(i need to put way more thought into this, still thinking. but i’m going to share what i’ve written with you…)

—
i’m gonna stop and writing: think about what you’ve been feeling. how i’ve made you feel worse. i feel sick, i feel guilty, but i want to imagine, as vividly as i can, how you are feeling.


—

cross it out
you selfish
cross it you yea selfish
cross it out
you selfish bitch
selfish

2018-08-23
—-
graduating some grad school would prepare me to do something different
prob more ‘creative technologist’ ‘design technologist’ type role
most people with my background graduate and end up in senior ux role making 120-140k in SF
making roughly the same salary
doing more creative things

half scholarship. most extremely expensive.
impression that ucla is more artsy but not that hard to get into?
someone left his program to do more artsy things at ucla.

consider europe

sending me some designers

copy designers early in your practice. like combinations.

take a graphic design class, makes you a very polished communicator.

prompt: do the same thing in different mediums.

him: trying to position more on the business strategy side. but thinks the experiences he had were critical to where he is and stuff. half scholarship at artcenter (max) but also top of his
thinks he could have easily gotten into ucla

work he did to reshape and be more business focused after graduating. like changing portfolio to use the word “user”. some other things. 9 months to get a job he liked.

talking about the kind of business design programs that are not really design. but still position you well for the world.

advise that: in my portfolio, i flex how (maybe in engineering) i’ve taken a design approach to the type of problem i’ve solving. like to be a unique candidate. i guess the engineering background is unique.

thoughts of media lab and one friend who has extremely negative impression? from working with them on a project. "unethical cesspool"

also recommended like going to a big company in a product team and just working with designers and getting exposed that way.


2018-08-25
—
alisse withholding love is paralyzing.
new, outside. flies calmly fluttering.  a bike or two.
new blood orange album. like the last, need to just listen to it. and not think. like just enter it. and over time, see how i feel. entering it.
up early today, 6. sleeping, jealousy nightmares of alisse. up at 8. poop, drink water. groceries, cook eat. sleep. poop. clean. gym. gym shower. food. come back. poop. sleep. felt. like. that.

i am a body and i am doing things.

i can’t wait to see a therapist.

since monday. monday is when this happened.

today, alisse saying hi like at noon (walk to gym). how are you? the first time, asking about me, in a couple days. feeling a bit more at ease. delaying reply for a few min. her reply: coming 3 hours later. of agony. suddenly sick, after eating (maybe - the pre meal boba, protein bar). and just need to poop? home, and, back on bed. not sleeping. just need to lie down.
waking and - nothing appealing to me. well maybe reading would be. stuck with me.
a short conversation with vira. about this stuff

i don’t wanna talk, wanna write anymore

waiting for my letter to arrive.

with reef last night…

just listen

8-27

writing because i should write - everyday. because: i have not supported alisse well and need to do better. because: i am lonely and days drift by and it’s just me and i something to cling to, to make me more substantial. so i’m writing.

today working from home. warm, sunny. in the house most of the day because anticipating package.

what alisse doesn’t realize (maybe) is that - sometimes - she doesn’t ask me much about how i’m doing. glosses over texts, gives quick responses. i think i’m more thoughtful in the way i ask questions. but i have *not* supported her well. i get that, get her perspective (sort of).

this idea that alisse has maybe questioned whether it’s worth putting in the work for our relationship (with all the other stuff going on)

but last night - a positive conversation. ending with, i love you, a smile. and today: she was super tired. so like maybe we’re on our way to good things.

8-28

saying to myself to alisse: you kill me, you kill me, you kill me

the day is: a series of blocks between awaiting subtle affirmation from alisse. responses to texts. and lately - not very satisfying ones. her not too curious about me. and terse in her responses. but i guess responding. what happened to facetime every day?

but sunday: a positive conversation. like ‘yay’ you can talk. i love you at the end. that was positive.

yesterday, ‘good night ♥ ♥’ met with a ‘good night!’ much much later. though her not in the best mood. so maybe things are okay.

maybe. but i just want her to say i love you. and until then, i am broken.
—
how to fix me
how to not care but still care
how to love me
—
comforting: i *have* had this feeling before

2018-08-29
—
the strategy goes like
take control
be confident
—

first
-
check in, hey you still good to talk tomorrow?

tomorrow
-
normal convo
hey - (it’s been a few days now and…)
i have a lot on my mind, and i want to say some things.
firstly, i obviously i know i’ve fucked up, and i’ve really let you down. and that you’re still angry with me. it must be hard to not to carry that resentment, and also just thinking about that. i feel for oyu.
i really want to make sure that we’re on the path to (stabilizing), and that i’m able to do everything i can do to be better to you and be the best partner for you. --and also: i wanna see you soon, and this isn’t something that i can just resolve, but i wanna just have fun with you and show you much i love you. i just kind of want to level with you and like honestly
i wanna be honest all tell you that:
(tell you about my week in the context of us) i’ve been working hard to be better at supporting. i do feel that you’ve kind of been more detached, and that’s understandable, but it’s making it harder for me to know where you’re at emotionally, and support you. it feels to me like, that maybe you don’t want me to talk to you. i’ve felt really nervous about saying the right things about
it would be helpful for me. i want to smother you with love, but i think it’s seen as like i’m trying to make a statement. you hear where you’re at? and i want to talk this through

•	focused on supporting you
•	not like myself
•	nervous
•	need to know where you’re at

(something about being healthy)

your feelings > hope for us > my feelings

9-4

when things with alisse feel okay, hopeful, i light up. like today at work. some positive messages. like playful sort of. and i feel good. but then: the fact that she is not saying she loves me. that she ended the last call saying ‘i care about you a lot’. it hurts. it fucking hurts.

over and over, playing the next conversation with her. how i’m oscillating between positive energy: knowing i can make things better. at negative: see above. now, negative taking over.

i don’t i guess she wants to see me still

respect yourself.

2018-09-08
—
9-8

1 hour until LA. 1 day late, flight delayed (5 hours), cancelled yesterday.

getting ready by: washing face, chewing gum, deo, being intentional or something by writing

flight spent: sleeping mainly. also listening to mac miller.

feeling weird about coming. this feeling that i am a little unwanted. or not unwanted, but not wanted enough. i guess, still angry and upset with me. and like: why won't you read my card. feels like she does not give a fuck. i guess she still wants me to come and all but ugh idk.

last night, feeling okay really. a spark of these emotions after sending 'night i love you' text and getting 'good night bibi' in return.

i just want affection. that's all.
--

to her: i want you to trust me. i guess: affection, love, built on being vulnerable. which i haven't let her do.

2018-09-17
—
blasting (9-17)
—
now, feeling a creative energy
throughout day, feeling slightly sad, distracted at thought of alisse wanting to break up
the worst parts: regret about how i acted saturday
but now: i feel calm. collected. motivated.
may making me feel less bad about sat night. not all me. like: she could have tried more to listen to me. and i did feel abused. the right thing to do, would have been to leave it all behind. and bring it up at a time when we’re not so exhausted.
learning about myself:
•	i am extremely conciliatory

how alisse feels.


--
this week:
•	blast more music
•	work work workout
•	start that damn portfolio
•	design some shit

—
9-18

continuing to be rational but small spouts of anxiety here and there
thinking a lot (particularly after talking to may) about how i need to assert myself more. how absence of that has hurt me. made it hard for her to see my viewpoint. given her a lot of power.
how: this is normal relationship stuff. transitions. kind of extreme. but like, shouldn’t give on it.
how: i have made progress. she’s judging progress arbitrarily.
the concept of ‘work’. putting in ‘work’. maybe obsessing over that too much, i think her thinking of stress.
optimism and how we love each other and be together and the stress will logically be less once we clarity.
what started this
how this process has revealed a lot of our tendencies
from me: you need better emotional support. respect for your space. trust in your love. withhold sadness when trying to communicate emotions?
if we break it down this way we can determine is it worth it?
from you: i need expectations (how frequently to talk etc, what it will be like when i visit you). i need to feel included in your med school life. to be open with me. to be a bit more forward when expressing when emotions.
what makes me confident: we have had very few conversations about this
intuitively i think - i would so down to do those things for you and to commit to being better at that.
--
why do you feel accused?

full history:
should i revisit last week? maybe? went like —
friday some nice texts but no i love you (as i get delayed, calling me bibi baby etc, relaying my flight patterns to everyone).
saturday angry with me upon arrival. some tender hugs & sex. hike (talking about me and my ambitions and that’s nice). then beach. phoebe’s later, home, feeling distant.
sunday: i think..working for some of day. venice/ice cream at night. hanging is okay but don’t feel loved.
monday or tues: me crying at night. her mean, unsympathetic.
tues: going into day like maybe i should end this. coming back from class, sushi dinner. alisse excited about classwork. going on run. leaving, coming back (while i am cooking) and all of a sudden: affectionate. hugging me tightly before bed.
wednesday i think dinner. her at class mostly, and then making dinner. positive during the day, except when mentioning the talk and her getting ‘stressed out’. waiting to talk. crying. alisse slightly more sympathetic and seeing that i do indeed love her.
thursday — during the day, walking with tanya. going crazy, conversations with alisse out loud. crying in car. so much pain. me, more calm eventually. dinner just me and her: either cooking or going out. a talk eventually at night. her like: you fix this. kind of saying that she’ll help out a little (‘be available for questions’). that’s all i asked for. and then hooking up.
friday: relatively nice during day. morning, nice. doing things, cooking. and then feeling a flip when i get flowers. like just a light kiss. and during dinner her super distant / not introducing me to anyone. and then: the fight. sleeping at tanya’s.
saturday: crazy turbulent during the day. then nice conversation. alisse finally saying ‘i love you’ on her own. really nice time at the getty. fight at night tho.
sunday: okay mood. both of us exhausted. rational conversation at the end, and — a break.

talk on saturday.
> why didn’t i come back after she kicked me out?
>

other thoughts -
like how vashty would maybe appreciate my recounting of crazy week / see opportunity for self growth

9-20

i tell myself: write, pour your thoughts, empty them, then you can go on a walk

thinking today about. well i don’t know if thinking critically so much as continuing to have imaginary conversations. not sure really any new revelations since yesterday. last night: reading alisses’ cards and like damn she really loves me. scouring for the birthday card but can’t find. found the other two from past month: lil card from seattle (‘i am filled with joy when i think about us’) and cute cute card when i had my day off (‘you are so smart and strong and don’t let these weirdos get in your way’). like damn i love that girl.

thinking about: like long-term things. and the fact that even if we wanna work this out. i have to move soon.
some sadness realizing that alisse may just not want to continue
and.. idk walk time
that i actually was making progress in supporting her and she wasn’t seeing it (**)

deciding: lift, get muscles now.

short hair, don’t like my face

9/20
--
i imagine now and like yea maybe she’ll want to work things out. but moving out etc. i don’t know. maybe it’s not the right time. maybe this won’t be a fulfilling relationship. i don’t need the time but i need the love.

stopping by work drink thing hi bye

dinner w trisha, friend from wesleyan (rachel) and her coworker. she okay honestly. categorized/judged by me as new england white girl. her story of transferring from connecticut college, in detail. trisha's relationship issues. nice to have company but really not feeling the veggie galaxy / diner vibe. and this feeling building up of: these are not my people. how, that wesleyan crew i'm down for when alisse is around. see the best in them. and now like eh these aren't my people. i mean trisha a homie but i don't know.
meeting w casey and delphine at liquor store. back to my house, drinking bottle of wine. baby joint. talking about. things. tesla and being a factory worker there. factory talk. apple too. and foxcon, this enormous factory complex that hires seasonal workers for different tech companies. how phones are assembled manually largely. power structures n things. casey's new pickup truck and california.

9/21 (writing 9/22)

work from home. because sleeping late, waking late. cm issue meeting and my patience wearing thin. screenshare with joe previous day and...patience wearing thin. channeling: overall frustration, but also recent realization that i do not like conflict, that i compromise -- and combating with assertion. it feels. bad. maybe. being less open. and this is a good trait. but when conversation gets circular. when i have listened to other person and they have not listened to me -- and when, i am the decision maker, i need to override. end. move on. with joe: this is circular. we are going for a certain ui quality. period. implement it how you want. so much complaining about how hard these styles are to re-use. you can make reuable components man. i don't know. understand that here are constraints and that we are working within them.

taking nap and deciding: no more work. balling but too windy. and me a little too stiff from lifting. so then off to gym. giving casey car keys.

then bbq at night. usual wholesome crew: jackie, brant, aaron, jacob, graham, two other engineers, casey + delph, harvard grad (destiny, sahar, bryan, other british guy). overall, a comforting night with 'deep' (maybe too many) conversations. kind of chilling small talking. jackie walks in and asks how i've been. delving into relationship issues. jackie talking about what she's learned about attachment styles. doesn't really apply to alisse. i mean: the way she wanted me to show her grand love does. but the overall tendencies of her in the past (to trust me, not need reassurance) does not follow. she does not have attachment issues really. describing then: how she's treated me. jackie totally with me on how painful that is. and how weird it is that nothing like this has ever happened. but also understanding how alisse was upset. anyway blah blah the only thing that does add up really as causes for fueling this fire are
1) her not being able to take criticism
2) being tired at reassuring me
3) me not standing up for myself / her not seeing progress i've made
4) me not standing up for myself / her seeing my need for reassurance as petty and taking up more space and
5) more ambiguous: something else going on w her. maybe: wanting to explore being bi (maybe not?). maybe:
--
6) her not seeing my viewpoint / not letting me express that
7) her not expressing her viewpoint (because stress stress stress).
--
okay let's abstract this. from the causes to the patterns. one level less deep.
1) alisse not seeing my viewpoint
2) alisse not expressing herself
3) me continuing to fuck up..

talking to jackie also about religion. how losing it makes her feel a sense of emptiness. and to others who grew up non religiously as to whether it is easier to make meaning (since not losing something). me ending (mentally) with conflusion that: yes, if you abandon everything religion gave you then you will be truly lost. but not all of it is bad. take it as a starting point for developing your own framework.
other questions: what makes you feel manly (from destiny). how often do you shave your balls. things things things. how do people interact and socialize and where i fit in the world and things i am thinking, thinking aobut..

9/22

writing retro now. at tamper and kind of crowded. realizing now that this is big tufts spot.
lots of sleep last night. good, covering sleep deficit. recovering recovering. slow morning with: yoga. cooking. shower.

nose piercing?

progress of thoughts:
- immediately: relief, and a need to work on myself/catch up on work. anxiety going away.
- initially: continuing to blame myself for that saturday argument, but also understanding that i did have a legit viewpoint.
- 'these are just standard relationship issues'
- super motivated to work on myself.
- anger at alisse for the way she treated me. that she handled this super irrationally and that she should never treat me this way. that i should be with someone who treats me like this. that she made me play this game of winning her love. that she held back affection and took advantage of how far i would go for her.
- still motivated to work on myself but some sadness at things with alisse. realizing that maybe it won't work out.
now, understanding that: our relationship should not be categorized as stress. that this situation resulted from: a lack of communication, constantly overstepping missed expectations/being upset with the other, feedback loops. and that, we can make this work.


to alisse i want to communicate:
--

the investment in her and why i needed so much reassurance

--categorizing this conflict--
repeating above: a lack of communication, constantly overstepping missed expectations/being upset with the other, feedback loops. and that, that is the stress. you are not the stress, and i am not. we can make each other feel so good.
that we are both going through transitions. that we haven't been challenged in this way and that we've responded to the challenge poorly.
we haven't communicated very much.
we were in a good place.

context: investment, transitions. and you also going through hard stuff.

the question we started the break at: i want to be with you, but this is stressful. my answer: there are reasons why this has been stressful. we can address them and work on them.

i don't think it's productive to think of this as: i want to be with you, but will this be stressful? i think that we can break down the stress and understand what we each need, whether we can make it work for each other. and if we don't respect those things (within some understanding that there will be missteps) then the answer is there.
me -- i have been doing things for her. i am compassionate, i care, and i can change for myself and for someone i care about. i am smart and sensitive. that i want this to work. i don't play games. i am a good partner in a lot of ways, and can be a better one.
moving forward we need to think about:


how to convey above to alisse while also getting her feelings. guiding conversation without dominating. a bit more forward with expression emotions.

expectations and to feel included. opening up.
you need support and space

9-26

morning. not feeling good. because although i care little about hearing from alisse, i do still care. last night. a good night snap. reciprocated with a good night snap. that’s cool i suppose. but no saving my snaps lately. no ‘you look cute’. okay whatever not a big deal that’s fine. but other things: calling me mid-day - i thought to say, but instead to ask, somewhat panicked / accusingly where her whitecoat is (i folded all her clothes). whatever. next reply to my text asking where she found it (3pm) came at 10. i’m explaining my day, mentioned dreary weather, and her just saying ‘sorry the weather isn’t good!’. that too not a big deal, at least she’s sympathetic. but then mentioning ‘oh boston, this is your life now’. depressing, thank you for confirming. and then asking if i’m sleeping, and just giving a ‘good night!’. peppering in ‘sleep well’. waiting for me to say i love you? i don’t know. whatever.
do not care. zero expectations. do not care. only way i will get out of this.
plan is: no changes. woo her next visit. then break up at the end.

night.
what to get from therapy.

what i’ve done today.
a lot of work. a lot of managerial tasks. sucked into doing painful tasks so i can have nice day tomorrow instead of starting portfolio. trap! there is always painful work and tasks. but work — extremely managerial/meeting-driven lately. almost 10 and check checking slack.
deciding: do not smoke weed tonight. not even one puff wonder. because: not anxious, not sad. use it then.
talking to jackie about using it therapeutic purpose. how even it make not make you feel happy, does make you take yourself less seriously, and not be so bogged down (me not like phrase) by problems.
work until 9 and then shuffling about and preparing things for tomorrow (incl. clothing). whatsapp mama a bit.

but back to therapy question.
—
structure today:
•	past week
◦	the rest of break: friend was on town, mostly off it.
◦	day off: didn’t receive a message. so i sent a message.
◦	we facetimed. talked about weeks initially. then about how break was. for her, a short answer: was wavering about us. i guess i found it easier to focus.
◦	i talked about how this is a transition and this was difficult for both of us. that there’s a learning curve. and the past month has really sucked. that we’ve had very few meaningful conversations about this.
◦	she did mention that she felt like i should have been her rock, and that i wasn’t there for her during this transition. that she instead was supporting me and that was taking energy from her.
◦	the conversation ended up being focused on whether i can handle dating a doctor. as in: the lack of affection and time. the fact that this is not just now, but many many years. that i would have to follow her around eventually.
◦	in the past, i have required a lot of validation from her. i basically made my case and convinced. i told her that i can adapt. there are many times when ..
◦	i also told her that: if you don’t see long term potential in me, then we shouldn’t do this.
◦	i need better expectations
◦	she said: what expectations do you want to set this week? we didn’t set anything clear. she said: i would like to see a photo of something you’re doing. she asked me if it would be okay to call in the middle of the day.
◦	for that night, it felt nice. getting affection. saying i’m cute.
◦	since then, sparse texts. most initiated by me. no particular attention.
◦	i did have doubts just one day after. which was probably too early.
◦	later this week, feeling silly for convincing her to be with me and adapting to her.
◦	i don’t know if that’s a function of me being a willing partner. or if she doesn’t wanna be with me and i’m having to fight for it.
◦	the difficulty here is that: she has some doubts over whether we will work — and it’s primarily around support and communication. that’s why i’m pushing for this relationship.
◦	and also that we can talk and be on the same page and feel good
◦	and that i want to move to california
◦	her actions are telling me that. and i don’t think she knows that. i don’t think she’s really thought about this very hard. and that it’s easy enough to leave me hanging.
◦	maybe, a very positive interpretation. is that i agreed to basically adapting to little communication. and that the expectation we set weren’t clear. and that i haven’t asked her of much. and she’s been distant in my interpretation but that’s hasn’t held up
◦	that she knows i’m there
◦	i also feel like i’ve yielded so much power in this relationship.
•	strategize
◦	difficult to let go when the spark is there
◦	how to communicate. my goal is to be with her sort of.
◦	torn over doing small things to set the stage vs giving her more power
◦	how can i gain clarity on how she feels about our relationship? these conversations saturating.
◦	the reality of long distance in the situation i’m in
•	emphasize quickly friends leaving here, transition period for me
•	5 min on alisses’ perspective
•	feeling
◦	lonely, sometimes
◦	frustrated for having yielded so much power in this relationship
◦	like i’m being dragged along
•	maybe next time try to step out of the bounds of this relationship a bit

i’m afraid of:
•	winter
•	being lonely
my personal goals
•	work on my portfolio, do my own creative work
•	tone down work to 40 hours per week
•	feel confident (style, creativity, other things)
•	refine plan to move?

2018-10-3
—
10-3

today therapy.
i think less to talk about because i’m kind doing the right things. like what if we can’t fill 45 min. what do we do.
but validating — her saying that you’ve carried yourself well / have done the right things.
the rights being

my face looks a let better when i’m occupied and happy. or maybe less skinny now. (perception)

thinking about perception (trap)

okay therapy session: you doing good doing well. seeing themes of needing gratification.
could tell - andrea thinks i’m smart. not the point i suppose.
(ego)

therapy: keep focusing on your work. chill out with alisse and don’t worry about your relationship. there’s a natural talking point over the next visit. don’t bring it up. notice when you’re feeling upset over gratification and try to think through it.
thinking while cooking: what if i add a time limit. like 1 week and no affection i can feel bad? that’s bad too, because then i’m waiting for that.

10-4

okay today, yesterday maybe too a bout of the usual restlessness: eating too fast, not paying attention to what i’m eating. gum. wanting to move move start the next thing pow pow no yoga in the morning.

on curtis now. friends hanging at adjacent balcony. a warm 70 outside. post lifting. been lifting. was skinny. not feeling okay, healthy. i look at my face and it seems okay. okay.

yesterday after therapy feeling good n strong. and night good working not super productive but data issues u kno. end of night: good night habibti, hope you having fun studying, smooch smooch. met with a simple ‘good night!’. busy studying that night. talking in like fine normal way but not asking much about me. maybe: the good night with no hearts / affection an okay thing then?

from therapy: need to focus on having fun. not talking about the relationship. ‘we don’t know how she feels’. simple exchange like no hearts back breaks the flow, and pattern. i don’t wanna text. don’t feel fun. cue: imaginary conversations with her. i explain

now, would like company, but who? not like feeling lonely. more like in an interested way. tomorrow, vt, socialize so okay just hold until that. also, from therapy ‘decide if hanging with trisha feels good’. not now. maybe when i’m feeling solid and unbreakable. tho kinda was this weekend and left feeling now so solid.

oh work dat shit okay. just usual day. client communication, data issues, meetings, scrumming. little bit of design 2 actually.

what is on her mind if anything.

—

i’ve been here before tho. this same thought, this same exchange. all i need is: a little more love. that’s all i need. i know i’ve said that before.

—

confessions

i do read music reviews

2018-10-15
—
monday, 10-15
—
alisse just leaving now. a list of things we did:

thurs:
wake up, pick up alisse at 5:45.
back at home for ~good cuddles~. sleeping, up for work while alisse continues to sleep.
making halloumi bread egg cheese veggie brunch feast around 11:30.
meeting and then: gen sou en. good vibe. working. showing alisse my work and she is like oo that’s cool. bookstore after. cute book with kawaii drawings. comparing ourselves to different drawings (foods, appliances, etc). alisse always painting as cute cool spunky love loving.
back home for a bit before dinn. go out or stay in? ‘i want to go out with you!’
so we go to casa b. oh well actually: a quickie before (got a little nervous when having sex earlier that day). what we are talking about? oh i don’t know. vibe of restaurant. i think things at med school. but it’s light and nice. walking outside for a lil after, and then cab to trisha’s. hanging chilling and it’s good until we watch 20 minutes of nature bro (basically kind of street-like dude saying nature things). home and sleepy and sleep.

fri:
wake up work up. ammar and alisse to meet trisha downtown for lunch. trisha bails because work award. so, mid-cooking, decide to cook a lil extra and have them over. chill. they meet trisha for coffee later, me doe off to tamper for a bit.
alisse back, middlesex. beautifall. spot outside with boston skyline. standing, staring, walking around slowly.
dinner with michelle (cousin) & jeff. jeff a corny dad type, but nice enough. michelle soft spoken inward type. indian food. lots of it. honeycomb after.
alisse then: out with brandy ryan. me somehow jealous because i know ryan asked her out once? but mostly okay. chilling, yoga / cleaning and then big mouth. and when alisse saying she is coming home after 2 hours or so, replying with ‘okay :)’. contrast to last time i was left alone fri night. and alisse coming home, affectionate. talking to me about us. how she notices how much more confident i am and how it makes her feel more confident in us. basically that this is what she wanted. yay cool. cuddles n sleep.

saturday:
wake up for brunch. me up a lil earlier. ordering clothes online, tea so i can poop. alisse up, we out. finding out trisha, ammar lily will be hour late. whoopsie. off to barrington to sip coffee and travel plan. then meeting for brunch at committee. good light time. food okay tho. afterward, to davis. thrift shopping at first. alisse seeing my heart eyes at her in cute light blue princess like dress and buying dress basically because of that.

sunday:
prov day. alisse w katie first for brunch. me, workout n stuff. then we go apple picking (alisse excited for this). we pick pick. alisse wanting me to lead the way but i am a little indecisive. that’s okay tho. a nice time. quick stop at india point park. pretty sunset. off to dinner after. this all like good i think but maybe slight strain from jealousy previous night. feeling a bit more anxious like wanting to fill air with words. this comes up at dinner (bigking, sister of north). alisse being reassuring for a bit. dinner overall good but kind of losing appetite from jealousy. prospect park after. fun, making out, and emerging to crowd. but like not magical. and then we drive back. drive okay smooth. watch a little tv. i think alisse feeling pressured for sex maybe? anyway, closes her eyes. shuts me out. i’m anxious and want her to help me. eventually ask her to hold my hand and breathe in and out with me. she’s kind of receptive and gives me quick squeeze.

monday:
waking up and being cuddly / giggle with alisse even tho felt awful in the morning. feeling awful in the morning b/c of jealousy last night and lack of sex. like bad bad bad. this is a bad feeling. continuing thru morning. after meeting, coming down and saying i’m sleepy. alisse tucking me in. cutie. damn she was quite nice to me. what is my reality. anyway, wake up, work a bit. feeling better. alisse making snack. thanks thanks. then we cook stuff. it’s good and we’re good but i’m anxious. i tell alisse that ‘hey i hope you see that i’m still working on myself’. and she’s like yea i told you that whatever. she tells me she was upset that i was being a bit pushy with sex this weekend (which made her not want to). i say sorry, we hug. while apple crisp is in oven. done, and we are outside, eating the crisp. alisse taking me back home, throwing me on bed, and sexy time. this was better. felt more natural. did not get ‘lost in it’ but physically things felt good. shower, helping lisse pack, then she out. last words at airport ‘1 month is not far away. i love you’.

—
how would i feel if someone was jealous about my past experience?

what she loves about me:
•	my weirdness, spontaneity, freeness. cute cool weird stylish.
•	does not like: lack of confidence.

for therapy:
•	we did lots things (see above) but bad things left huge imprint
•	i am a human tho and i have issues with jealousy and i gotta get over that
•	overall revising my reality retroactively is a difficult thing to do
•	like i feel confident when i am doing things but that seems unsustainable
•	confidence is good for me but at the same time feeling pressure to be confident is tough.
•	emphasis on needing quality experience

examples of me going overboard
•	like after inviting me to thanksgiving wanting to ask again and make sure it’s okay.
•	fri night jealous for a second when out with coworkers — no reason at all why — and wanting to look through messages

good things
•	random ‘i love you’ + kiss while walking around saturday
•	alisse seeing how heart eyes i am
•	it was hot seeing how comfortable you were when you were dancing
•	last things: ‘you’re the best’ / i love you final moments before leaving. screenshot of my photo. holding hands on ride back.
•	affection hugs cuddles
•	inviting me to thanksgiving. plans for new york in april too.
•	dancing very hard and feeling loose n comfortable.
•	talk on friday. alisse saying is happy for me and feels more confident in us.
•	alisse saying i should lower expectations of myself, that she does believe i am doing better and has told me that (when asking for verification that she stills that in me even when i have slip ups)

bad things
•	jealousy finding out about alisses’ sexual past in group
•	not that much sex / turning alisse off b/c coming on too strongly with sex couple times when she didn’t want
•	invalidating all the good things after a bad thing happened (i.e., yea she was affectionate but that was saturday before i was jelly)
•	counting things like how many times we had sex
•	love literally wavering with handholding
•	that bad feeling monday morning


googling as first comfort

—

I NEED TO BE MORE CONFIDENT IT’S GOOD FOR ME AND HER



10-17 / therapy
—

things sticking out from what andrea said:
•	thinking about, right before leaving. convo with alisse before leaving. where i am like ‘ah you know i can’t always be perfect and sometimes will get upset’. and how she was a little short with me but also like ‘you’re not perfect’. and then afterwards, throwing me on bed to sex (after sensing i feel bad about sex things). this is a nice gesture. definitely. a good thing. and she loves me and cares about me and is showing me that maybe she’s okay with my insecurity. and then: i love you, 1 month is not far away. she was nice and affectionate as usual.
•	feeling exhausted just talking about alisse more and like ugh can i stop talking about this. i feel like even andrea is. so i need to focus on myself.
•	a comment that alisse needs to accept both sides of me. but andrea also just starting to realize i have these two sides. so prob shouldn’t let this weigh too heavily. and alisse has accepted it for a while but just wants to me work on it. if she don’t like me while i work on it then not my fault. yes my insecurity is a part of me.
◦	**so basically stop feeling bad when i feel insecure**. quick apology, acknowledgement that i struggle with this, and that i am working on it.
•	her kind of just repeating my thoughts about feeling sexual insecurity / jealousy. which was: i can believe that i am the best, or i can believe that it don’t matter.

okay, distill:
•	maybe it’s okay if confidence is this thing that needs maintenance. self-love vs confidence.
•	stop feeling bad about being insecure that’s a part of me and sometimes there’s a beauty to my self-doubt.
•	less relationship more me
•	i need to internalize the positive things said to me

--
love is stop thinking about love. love is project endlessly. love is think endlessly. love is a trap.
quick quotes

2018-10-21
—
i am lovable i am lovable i love me people love me i am lovable


it’s important to me that i am alisses’ best in every way.

love validation
—
just in past couple days: ‘i love you many hearts’. ‘you are amazing bae/bf/person’. i love u so much. super love. like lots of love.
birthday card. look forward to future with you.


physically
—
people say i’m cute


how others see me
—
alisse validating personality tests of being smart / curious / interesting
saying i am kind


—
insecurities with relationship
thought patterns / bad thought triggers
—
fundamentally: i do not love myself (enough). i mean i want good things for myself, care about myself, prioritize me self. i am selfish. but do not love myself.

bigger:
* alisse not attracted to me enough / don't have sex enough / does not touch me as much as i touch her
> we have sex daily. sometimes we are less horny. people get less horny. alisse does touch me, but i don't pay enough attention to this.
* does not love me as i love her

comments / small remembrances:
* not telling me i love you frequently enough
* not asking about me
*how are you and just ‘good’. wanting to hear more about day and thoughts. i guess sometimes like not i’m in there with you.
* our relationship didn't move as fast as her other relationships? (jealousy)
*don’t ever doubt us unless there’s a reason to doubt us.
*that you’ve tried other sex things you haven’t tried with me
*that joke you made one time about being a zionist
* comment of 'we don't have sex twice in a row that frequently

*wishing you would acknowledge a bit more requests

2018-10-24
—
therapy debrief n such
—
going to therapy like work meeting with ‘here’s what i need to get out of this session’ (identify all of my problems clearly and then track progress towards them) but like yo chill it’s exploratory, need to have therapist guide it a little bit.

okay start of session. explaining how last time what stayed with me is that i didn’t notice positive things until andrea pointed it out. and how, throughout the week, i was able to notice that in real time. like how i noticed my cycle for love reset. like on friday alisse telling me ‘good night babe. i love you (heart)’. on sunday, friends gone, not hearing much, and feeling like i need affection. asking to talk on phone but getting ‘can i let you know in a bit’. which is actually communicative and nice. and then asking me to talk at 10, but me asleep. calling alisse sleepily for a bit.

other bits andrea said:
•	you are very high-functioning. smart, good social relationships, job, etc. i don’t want to pathologize you, want to keep in mind that we are picking apart at small things.
•	‘highly unlikely’ that i will turn into the confident douchebag that i hate. you are too self-aware. and this isn to what you like.
•	object permanence. how this relates to relationships. like you see something, don’t see it, don’t believe it.

so the things i have to do:
•	know that feelings/things don’t change too much day to day (unless something big happened)
•	make positive lists of relationship affirmation. will this just make me on the lookout for stuff even more? well no, i already am on the lookout. this just
•	when i get the need for affirmation: notice it. give it a name. that voice. omarita.
◦	do something, specific to the situation: how should i deal it this time? be active? should i distract myself with tv? should i look at positive list? should i read? should i listen to music?
◦	try to remember to discuss in therapy (this feeling that i won’t even get this feeling because i need to talk about it in therapy like omg stop being annoying of course you will)

so let’s start the positive list:
--
•	friday (10/19): ‘good night babe. i love you (heart)
•	sun: 'i would love to see any additional work you’ve done’ on project.
•	sat: cute photo with the letter i sent (for yoga pants), and the plant stands.
•	sun/mon: travel planning for thanksgiving. booking me thanksgiving flights. random FaceTime.
•	tues: ‘QT’ to my bitmoji. also teresa calling me a gym.
•	wed: falling asleep and her saying ‘no worries beeb’. asking about my projects.
•	thurs (10/25): you looking cute today boopti. i love you too habibi with heart, end of night.
•	fri: texting to call me and also trying to FaceTime me. a random heart at the end of the night.
•	that we have cute little names like boop for each other
•	sat (10/27): telling me about starting nocturnes. random call. a snap of
•	sun (10/28): ‘i am imagining you in your current state’ — thinking about me with some depth.
•	mon (10/29): ‘hi bib how u’ in the morning. initiating last few convos.
•	tues (10/30): initiating good morning. goodnight love ♥
•	wed (10.31): ‘morning boo’
•	thurs (11/2) saying she wants to talk tomorrow.
◦	hearing sleep well but no i love you
•	fri (11/2) i love you lots and always thinking about you i’m sorry we didn’t get to talk today.
◦	unable to talk and doubting it

good things i’ve been doing
•	questioning how negative something i did or said was
•	thinking of ohbaydah and object constancy

sex:
•	that 3 bang in day time
•	at may’s how we could not handle not touching each other. day and night.
•	fucking on the kitchen table. my house, her house. in the bathroom.
•	‘best sexual partner’
•	‘we have great sex!’
•	that time after massage
•	yelling in my apartment.
•	alisse initiating new things like dirty talk etc

and the ‘omarita’ list:
•	mon during Skype, when not talking, feeling uneasy/not confident in us. but then getting random little smiles from alisse.
•	sun, not getting immediate response to talk and
•	getting jealous on saturday when hearing about hike + wanting to trip with miriam
•	even when alisse booking trip on sun/mon, her saying ‘yep’ to thank you instead of ‘yay np, i’m excited!’ getting to me for a hot sec
•	not wanting to talk when things are on a good note
•	asking how dinner was and only hearing about the food and wanting to hear about vibes. but food is important to alisse this is okay.
•	reluctant to say i love you because not knowing what i’ll get back
•	checking google photos comments
•	sunday 10/29: kept up with a background/backcurrent/current of thoughts. some of them related to jealousy. i think maybe spurred by me saying ‘good night my love’ and getting ‘good night habibi’ back? totally appropriate. girl been showing me love too.
•	this feeling of ‘there’s this thing in my head and i don’t like it’ when having these thoughts. an improvement.

good things to share: wanting to tell alisse: thank you for sharing lil details of your day. want to hear more.
dysmorphic type thoughts
•	the gap in my teeth
•	relationship with working out in the past
•	glasses and how i hate them
•	just extremely focused on the shape of my face

10-27

last night w reef watching ‘the man who stole banksy’ (part of palestine film fest). awful movie sparking various half-hearted intellectual debates. like - should street art be taken out of it’s context? in some way validating for the artist that it’s gallery material. but also ceases to be street art. what is the legality of stealing street art? alongside banksy’s images in palestine. and how one guy ‘walid the beast’ — helped carve out a banksy painting with israeli soldiers checking a donkey’s ID (offensive obvs). and kind of making fun of walid. also interspersed with weird montages of walid working out. and then palestinian singing and rapping. truly a mess. and clearly directed by white person.

a drink after. me not super present. then and before. the phone checking what am i doing type of restlessness. which, i feel bad about with reef. because he’s talking about his dad and brother and true emotional things and i yawn and he asks if maybe we should head out. and as we’re about to leave i start giving some meaningful thoughts to compensate.

i step outside and i’m not a mess and my thoughts are in control and i’ve been productive and i’m going to head out with a friend - and good things, all good things — but it’s underwhelming. something is underwhelming. nothing is underwhelming. but i’m underwhelmed. it’s quiet outside. these white people. etc.

oh killing time in trident bookstore and reading rupi kaur. poet. but poems with some narrative, continuity. like: maybe i should get into this, write, read. at the end of some her poems, signing them with an emotion (‘- jealousy’). reminiscent of the lists.

spill spill

thinking: i have lots of thoughts, and need to process, write, but don’t want to write. laziness.

i say dumb things but people say dumb things

listening to podcast about body dysmorphia. relating (bring up in therapy). this feeling that i’m not alone. like therapeutic (but making me feel also like my emotions are not that complex). hope in pathologizing in this case. like - maybe i am pretty but i see myself differently. almost like i’m on shrooms. i mean, true that i am not looking for the good things. not looking at my eyes, looking at my flaws. at then my eyes, as consolation.

checking to see if she read the message. if you saw the google photos.

porches concert thurs super weird like i think i think really fucking with the crowd and at some point playing some gibberish tune. maybe this dude is just weird.


10-30

okay

how when doing work project, i can think in modular components. but personal projects, it’s a mess. custom classes compile. i guess because code becomes part of the medium for design/exploration. when code is just implementation layer.

today taking just a mere mere 1 puff. feeling a little frazzled/mind racing. not caffeine because - no coffee past two days (poops not as good).

a salient thought today: being in boston (away from friends, people, culture, fomo) allows for self exploration.
(optimism). now with project. imagining also drawing classes.

thinking of telling alisse i wish she was here now on the floor with me listening to grouper. thinking: take snap. # of selfie takes before sending = clear, concrete proof insecurity i think.

i guess not so lonely lately somehow.

suddenly emotional when listening to grouper. that sort of broad thinking mood. where anything becomes interesting. like recite a fact to myself about my occupation / lifestyle / status and the thought comes from the top layer — as a fact — and makes its way down slowly to next layer: what the fact means — and then down to me, slowly connecting to me. and this is powerful. like this very obvious fact is now powerful. my age. what i did today. what i ate. whatever. it’s fascinating.

hm fight mood or go with mood. now, scattered, spilling css classes all over the place. go with mood.


now when writing tagging thoughts

things to share for therapy

siavash: ‘reef taught me how to be comfortable with silence’.

thinking of this thought parser description.

today things like
•	wake up late (8am) and off to work
•	work is work is good and stuff but still work and feels like work and not life lately.
•	back home by 5pm.
•	workout. something lifty (prob should have done yoga)
•	shower, heat up food. order things online.
•	work on project
•	lay down. lost in grouper.
•	this is: the routine lately. lately being past two days but feeling longer. something similar last week, but up earlier.

unexpected perk of therapy: now, instead of talking to imaginary cute girls about my emotional problems (feeding ego), having imaginary conversations with therapist instead.

11/2

write that shit in your journal you fucking good boy

11/4

how do i feel about all caps in design? cop out.

this visual design contest has been

being strategic like i am hungover and capable of cooking so i should cook, that’s what i do with myself. actually no i am fine some tylenol and lingering in bed and a banana and jerking off and okay okay

things i remember from last night party
•	being super slow to text alisse
•	a great greeting ‘omaar!!’ when walking in
•	being really faded. 3 joints perhaps.
•	teresa saying something like she appreciates me and loves me and feels close to me.
•	and later that we’re like the same person when i say adulthood = allowing yourself to put that joint away early on
•	having to take my shirt off during a drinking again and really drinking game overall. many truths or dares and opts out and people not drinking. the big dude who has done many sexual things.
•	talking to lawton about metrosexual dude things (hannah in circle too) like piercings and stuff. and about kim being back.
•	to hannah about routine life for a sec.
•	m&m peanut bars x2 and stop n shop cookie n chips
•	party not too party but smoking joint and coming out
•	trisha a little insecure about whether people are having fun.
•	somewhat interminable walk home

11/6

thought jot

yesterday bidco tiring and then shopping online and then talking to baba and mama and then like what’s the point in working? so reading. sleeping - nightmare - sleeping.

today steward. not enough sleep, and very tired towards the end. home nap workout/cook (like both at the same time why do i do this) and now here. eating.

mega guilty telling amy i didn’t vote (could see judgement in her eyes) - ‘you’re one of those millennial'

2018-11-21
—
----

pitt
pitt
questioning whether alisse would sacrifice for me. has she had an opportunity to? or has she, and i haven’t noticed.
> i guess beach house concert

imagining move to another place. frequently. working remotely for arcadia.

plotting out work now vs read vs wake early n work vs work extra early and yoga before work

these things

glass of wine and woozy but happy and feeling music and sensations and body. do cardio more endorphins are amazing.

guilt over forgetting to go w morgan to lunch

in pitt now. long day. 4am wake up. 2:30 heavy heavy crash but maybe unhealthy lunch n sugar.
maybe i need to sleep less because work is intense.

positive alisse things:
- i love you. nice long facetime saturday

negative:
- imagining two months away. will you be okay?
- jealousy of other couples like kat and corbyn (per insta) who skype daily
- why doesn’t she miss me more?
- thanksgiving
- not getting text for few hours

convo w lauren about nicks process

do you feel obligated to order what waiter rec

***the incentives ****


agreeing with chachi -- this is not about ego. in the car. both -- drunk. time ticking. zoned focus

11-16
---
plane to la

wednesday night. missing alisse. also: drunk. and negative thoughts brewing (now, switching from podcast to diiv. continue) like: when has alisse sacrificed for me? the thought circulating many times, no answer, deep reflection just a mounting resentment. and then thinking: beach house concert. okay. maybe there are others. maybe she hasn't had the opportunity. i don't know. open. ask about it. i've done my due diligence in decentralizing support system. a non drunk me would have said. but i guess: more communication i think would be better. a month is my threshold, and i start to feel a bit more detached. well this plus: working on work, and not my own projects.
anyway. being civil and good boy who goes to therapy, translating this blob of negativity -- or maybe, pulling apart one element of it -- and saying 'i miss you'. maybe some truth.

wed morning. at coffee shop. crazy mocha. expecting hip, but not hip. and so working, adjusting to drab vibe. and waiter recommending i get a danish. and: clearly not wanting a danish, i just get it. because i asked what she recommended. i guess indecisive. but i knew i did not want that.

wednesday night, earlier. out after design day.

this idea brewing of more writing/digital art. or tools for writers to make writing more visual. these things.

tuesday night. after design day with joe. leaving in the afternoon, crashing for a bit. more work. and then: a run. feeling *great*. to hotel bar for dinner. glass of wine. glass of wine enough to make me feel tipsy. salmon. and the jolly business man next to me, working on crash investigations (uber automated cars) for the government. off he goes, downstairs, for another beer. i read a little. a little more. tired but awake at night. the same thoughts as wednesday night. clarity in above description = mostly me repeating the more sober thoughts.

i guess work and emails and product management is not super fulfilling. but i do want to create beautiful things.

lately: afternoon crashes. maybe, go back to salads, morning gym, and later coffee start.

lingering night conversations, work related. monday, (with lauren, dropping me off to honda dealer): nick's process. how he's expecting to constantly trim engineering estimates

chachi i guess getting the full engineering goss and hearing how josh was an asshole to me. i really didn't take it that way. good at taking crticism (in work setting) -- to the point of obliviousness? or maybe not good at taking criticism but moreso seeing positivity in others' intentions. but actually he was kind of a process nut and overly strict and kind of a dick maybe now that i think of it. and did tell nick of things directly. but also seemed to be nice to me in a genuine way. i don't know.

chachi and greg friends and know each other and each others' wives and all that but also seems like chachi has no respect for him as director. and like neither do others at rivers.

sort of disappointed when hearing that, in middle of speech about we need proper structure (near mini fireplace outside meadery) talking about how we could use a ux designer and i'm like bitch i am the designer i can design i can do it all i am the full package. desperately wanting people to call my design dazzling and beautiful. but i guess getting that from stw team, user research, seeing how the product is holding up well.

okay wait remembering this bit chachi and kim were talking about how they were like unsure about me and then kim is like 'i had the same realization' and something along the lines of how i'm a good guy or something.

okay that conversation with chachi tuesday night. both of us drunk. him driving. one noticeable swerve. why did i get in the car with him? i mean, can recall previous night quite clearly. but: pulling up near the hotel. at a major intersection. emergency lights on. and telling me about his philosophy and how he wants to make referral the model project and he's open to criticism and like yo just tell me what you're thinking and call me out and i'm really not trying to be a dick and this is not about ego. variants of this.
sequence of drinks. at meadery. spiced wine. pretty good. then 131, upscale cocktail place with no vibes. there: hearing of hra deadline, burnout. and like framing my product-centric context. these engineers need a bonus or something. need to be better respected. how narrow nick's view is. how he made himself to be a vp but is sort of reckless.i mean in a subtle way. not wanting to be a leader. a purveyor of structure. but that's what he's supposed to be doing.
late at night: talking about women in engineering. kim mainly. and shocking how few women developers have interacted with.
i mean this whole visit interesting like being in this developer world. this new world. 3 days in the world though, too much. dragging me down. patience wearing down. wanting to escape.

jon's perception of me. how i could have given a better impression in pitt. come in with a presence. but like. fleeting thought. i mean, letting thought flee because not caring enough.

wednesday, thursday pushing the team to 'think abstractly'. breaking apart each action and whether it can be abstracted. feeling smart for this. and: really form/details easily abstracted. actions not really. we already have status change listener that writes to activtiy log and that seems good enough.

wed late night / thurs morning. waking at 2am, vomiting and desperately trying to clear myself (a first, shameful way to end my streak), clean mouth of taste. but waking at 5:30, no hangover, and suprisingly productive. workout. to einstein bros. the same clouds from yesterday there. a 'healthy' bagel. off to work to kick things off. team not energized the way i want. and like is the form of thinking i'm leading to the right one? i think it is. but not taking enough command & charge. and really they're being rude and a little unprofessional.

pittsburgh, so damn cloudy.

thursday delight: lunch with coco. his mama asking all about me and plans. hearing about the chem demo colin flew in for. curtis and gf recent move to portland.

today: vietnamese coffee shop. getting a coffee, and later a chai latte. and thinking how i used to really juddge siavash for getting two espressos in one session at nine bar -- or maybe it was a matcha and an espresso - and now my restrctions on consumption so much lower. check yourself.

okay switch and think about. now here la: alisse. this potluck. and alisse. and hearts.

11-21
--
writing 4 therapy
recurring patterns of: balding (why even?). alisse not making me feel welcome fri night during potluck. and jealousy in diff ways. and that i have to be happy otherwise alisse has little tolerance for me. like: in the past, working through my issues. and now it seems deciding that my issues are prob not worth her time. floating over and over thinking of this.

but i think something clear i can actually speak to alisse about:
•	happy to be around your family
•	*not sure how i fit into your med school life*. it was important to me to feel welcome around your friends and i still don't feel that. do you talk about me with friends, etc? that it felt like i was reluctantly introduced as your bf.
•	that you've never mentioned that you want me to move here. that me moving involves planning and thinking of this, and in a weird place

la so far
•	fri: potluck.
•	sat: vegas in morning. drive drive. at resort. alisse & lisa offroad. rest of us: groceries. cook dinner, chill, sleep.
•	sun. zion. night: i would like you to do more to show appreciation to my parents.
•	mon: bryce.
•	tues: zion: angel's landing. driving, night in vegas. a small outing: to fountains, and for boba. me, lisa, raccine.
•	wed: back to huntington.
•	thurs: thanksgiving. night: watching insecure.
•	fri: wake and ?
•	sat:

11-24

last night, bringing up the move to LA / wanting to hear thoughts. can we talk about this later? when later? i don't know. looking sad but

the three points keeping me up at night. actually the full imagined convo here.
•	centered around me. i want to move, soon. three places in mind: nyc, oakland, la. oakland + la = in state tuition and warmth. nyc + oakland = good support system. la = you.
•	bad things
◦	i don't feel like i can be vulnerable around you lately. feeling judgment rather than sympathy.
◦	i don't feel welcomed into med school life (recalling friday mainly)
◦	i haven't heard any excitement about moving here. it's all been driven by me.
•	good things
◦	you've supported very well in the past.
◦	you welcomed me into your family for the past week.
◦	we really love each other and have a special relationship that i know i can't have with anyone else.
•	if no response. would you care if i move to NYC? do you really want me in LA noting that there is some level of obligation.

11-29
--
okay. so like recalling that list above - the 3 bad things over and over in mind - circulating further in brain, when, end of night, i ask alisse: 'can you let me know what thoughts are on moving?'. and her undecided. and me - honestly -- also probably undecided. like partly because questioning alisse's commitment. but. then i think about explaining that i'm in california to mama and baba. and the real barriers to being together long-term. and my weird dream of being with someone maybe more like me. like more spunky. or creative or something. and i combine these things and like 'really am i ready to move'.
but wanting to hear from alisse 'baby i want you i want you' something like that.

and - night before leaving. not having sex. i guess having to wake up early and sleepy and stuff. and then also next day afternoon, before leaving, not ready to bang. except we did right before leaving. after talking about moving and stuff. alisse like ‘i definitely wanna be with you for the next year’. and saying
(i think commitment turns alisse on. at least commitment from me? or is it just her ego.)

11-30
—
up after smoking and stuff last night and like ugh i really regret but no just pretending to really regret it because somehow i feel fine.
as always, tempted to chill when teresa is around. i think maybe not an attraction and i think maybe just loving her aura and how i feel around the group of people. idk.
anyway. last night meet up at cuchi cuchi. the tables with patterns. debate of: does it respond to touch. conclusion: yes, see sensors. brendan, teresa, trisha, betty. betty a badass cosmopolitan always hopping on flights. and like thinking of her and her existence and how she might have grown up to be such a confident and badass woman. don’t know her at all really. talking of: her trip mexico. brendan and crazy story doing door-to-door sales — solicited for sex once, another time — man abruptly asked if he wanted blowjob (realizing might be paying for underage sex, as he noticed teenager leaving before). hm pretty good laughter n times. t-wu parking car at my house. me having to pee but then chill session organically emerging in the dunge. roll one up — wait no one is already rolled — bring out the mini ice cream cones. talking i think about our upbringings / how teresa’s parents gave them lots of freedom and didn’t try to push them too hard in one direction. other things like: err i don’t remember.

before bed looking at mirror and body and i like and then — high so positive mood — taking selfies — but also carrying the criticality of (my face) earlier — and kind of feeling ambivalent about face like i guess i can see how someone else likes it but me not so much.

eating not one but two mini ice cream cones last night

lately taking face/look anxieties a little far. thinking like of what i actually look like. what i truly look like. picking apart face shapes. ‘but how can i like myself if i don’t like myself?’. a: i don’t think i can?

earlier drive back from work — late night, style guide / design meeting with nick at work — thinking about how i did not prepare that hard. and the earlier me who would have hustled so hard at this opportunity.
a lunch with amrit. always loving honesty. a real person.
lingering question = how do i ask to work remotely?

12-1
—
now, new kaytranada album. pop not the right texture maybe for writing. but like. fuck throw something on. stuck in my head.
restless, mind running fast. unable to focus. starting to feel myself but like jerked off twice already today. too much screen. finishing swing time. the ending not really resonating. just kind of flat end. need to re-read / think about it.

the tendency to want to look at a review. to read about other’s thoughts prior to processing on your own.

things i need to do: meet up w a student from ucsb, meet up ucla. get on that media arts literature.
browsing the ucla dma student profiles like wha wha wha some made music videos for ash koosha and like so many features on news and stuff. a couple of seemingly normal creative people who worked creative corporate jobs.

at forge today. getting there near 2. a chai latte. packed. a conversation near me: phd, part-time working cs guy (machine learning stuff), prob harvard, fresh out of 5 year relationship but not showing clear signs of vulnerability and weakness, and more quiet / nice woman who isn’t looking to offend anyone. the tone of people who know of each other — same circle — but maybe not super intimate / good friends on their own.

getting to reef’s at 10. drinks and work, the intention, but drinks and talking the reality. reef tho, as usual, not restless. taking his time to pour the drinks (like a good 20 min in). and sipping so slowly. tangentially: how he doesn’t have current romantic prospect (for long time) but is totally good. i think, confident, loves himself in a super healthy and somehow humble way.

okay the latest in thoughts on face. a thought stream for - about a year - in depth now. like a known and identified thought stream. and little progress. yes my face is long this is a fact. looking at pretty ucla dma candidate with clearly long face based on skeletal scan (project in which she printed her skull, had it recite things) — and she is beautiful. and then taking a quick selfie. face i think looks okay. it’s not great but okay is def good enough because there are other things to love. i just need a lovable face. now, revisiting photo booth video of me in bk that summer, making video for maliha’s bday.

thinking about maliha today.
thinking about explaining my friendship with maliha to others. having this imaginary conversation with people who are maybe interested in my past about how like ‘no i wasn’t exactly a bro my best friend was a girl’ and i guess stroking ego through this perpetuation of subversive image even when skewed closer to the bro mainstream.
imagining her dying this is not not good

earl album just a stream and riding it thank you for inviting me into your brain. (tweeting at him)
a text from hersh

to-do list thoughts creeping up and destroying them at the root. plan morocco trip. order new clothing. look at sneakers. order books for dma.

aesthetic exhaustion lately with this style guide stuff.

this writing not therapeutic by scatterbrain translating too precisely. no relief of releasing my thoughts. they are in me, a duplicate mirror display onto this page.

alright more stuff from reef’s
•	talking about next project for portfolio and unleashing a grand blob of decision-making, indecisiveness, threads of interest with no tie to concrete items. need to just: make blackbox. make it. as fast as possible.
•	book about america’s downfall
•	reef’s cousin’s - same saudi / american mix. more in touch with american side. how parents deliberately chose sports as a way of binding family together and giving them meaning.
•	minaazine opportunity (imagining being part of this creative arab network)

today waking up with a stomachache. then going to tailor suit. trying a couple things on, heading out. copping a white vans hat. home: heating food. shower. and i think some more media arts browsing.

okay cont. 12-2

continued to look at dma profiles, then prep to meet up w hersh and jian for dinner. settling on something quick: greek near kenmore. then meeting former mit frat bros (still there doing masters in eng). mostly reminiscing about frat times and conversation real, but just a representation to me of a certain culture. bits: hazing / having to carry a pizza around and keep in tact while being bombarded by the brothers, dropped off in remote location and told to return, party where you are handcuffed to partner and have to finish a fifth of alcohol. that crazy dudes that were put in charge of managing risk. a very worrying sexual harassment training in which the guy is weirdly sympathetic to frat life. bouncing as they part to ned divine’s. hersh and i coming to my place. chilling, rolling one. talking about: conflict resolution in our relationships. extended story about adam and yasemin brought new bf to a music festival in which hersh was expecting adam (didn’t even know they broke up). how hersh hasn’t made too many friends in sf. listening to new earl all the way through like damn. then more earl, more vince. that earl concert back in the day. rough patch in which he was injured and gained weight. glad i got to see how he really feelin. omar ben halim. watching ‘hot ones’ - celebrities eating spicy wings and being interviewed (danny brown). 3am, parting. hersh to hotel. me to bed.

the itch when i’m high to want to look at work that i’ve created b/c of optimism. yesterday wanting to look at new layout updated mockups.

my hairline is okay a minor freakout last night but knowing i shouldn’t freak out it’s exactly where it’s always been.

12-4

separate therapy log now.
yesterday: work. a little dull. but me also gravitating to the dullness and just knocking out small tasks. this is bad.
i want good things. break up the routine
•	exercise in morning
•	write everyday and keep the self in check
•	go on walks
•	listen to some crazy shit

12-5

7pm (getting home a bit like 5:10) - and fuck i still haven’t started personal work. and fuck i haven’t gotten anywhere with personal work. like saying fuck but not feeling fuck just kind of chill and normal and not in a zone. but i guess getting more in a zone today. gradually throughout the week better, after hyper non focus monday.
wuz. wrong. w me. did not expect weird adjustment post vacation. i guess weekend existentialism of where i am going - talking w reef - of where i am going with these projects + looking at the incredible dma candidates discouraging me. but like subtly. only now when i think about it. plus react a pain to learn at first. an impostor syndrome creeping in.
nah muthafucka u good u great u beautiful
also work out more because your body is stiff and you are in too narrow of a zone.

hey this pasta is pretty good

face status: long but not that bad

last night. a black tea at like 8pm. because i’m staying awake to work etc. unable to sleep. tossing. turning. 10pm - 1am. texting lisse a little. sending me various cake images.
observation: when i cannot sleep i do not think good things i think bad things

many fantasies of angry convo w nick. after telling me about the ‘miss’ with not including patient centered assessments in the roadmap

12-6

okay i like have opinions on ux and when a label should be used or not used on a field and etc etc and this is good so this makes a designer sort of

respecting myself by
•	washing clothing before wearing
•	writing now before starting work road v2 at 5pm
•	spending time organizing are.na inspiration
•	squeezing exercise in morning before going on-site to stw

disrespecting myself by
•	eating pita crackers and nuts upon arriving home - even tho already full
•	listening to boring podcast (about chatbots, but all about business and no fun)
•	not listening to music enough. not listening to new music enough.

today design session at steward. pretty boom boom good. fleshing out tough parts of workflow. feeling like i had the session under control and got all the right info. yea. baby.

working on style guide. trying to make IMD work. with lato (slack joint). too mishmashed. don’t like. aesthetic exhaustion again.

12-8

waking up before alarm. last night hanging / working w reef. and then a little solo smoke session after he left. feeling like i needed to escape the brain.
waking up now w some resentment to alisse. for rushed responses to my messages. for not trying to call me. for the fact that i have to wait for her to call. maybe she’s just busy and not paying attention. taking me for granted? no omarita labeling, just going through this over and over.
and also replaying big mouth episode yesterday where shame monster goes away.
a weird freakout yesterday like is my hairline receding but no it’s really not. had to do photo investigation to reach that conclusion.
w reef talking through recording engineering sessions. how incredibly patient he is — knowing he won’t get much out of the sessions. but just wanting to continue to creative experiment of seeing how this plays out / understand fully this audio engineer’s style.
and also about being interdisciplinary and how it;s the way to be and how to get rid of that voice telling you you are not good enough at a specific thing

shit only two more weeks until egypt

12-9
—

oh i wrote yesterday good boy
a lot of things in the brain
like mo bamba. sheeeck wes. bambuhh.
a snap from alisse / can’t ignore / open up

after workout like bad poetry inspiration. something about like eating stale bread and then jumping to an unrelated deep thought (with small thread linking). clever for a half second. but this is good. more of that.

for therapy. no for me first and then distill to therapy tonight. going to disappoint andrea.

in the same way that you are critical of yourself — be critical of your negativity. wise advice from wiser self.

yesterday lasik appointment in janky office (tests being done out in open near waiting room. and then dark. suit pick up. home and: i don’t wanna do this or that. coding and kind of getting into it, before remembering amy’s concert. leaving early to Skype alisse. for i guess 40 min or something. then she is off.
feeling unsatisfied with level of communicating and intimacy. like: i want to know what’s going on in your life. not speaking my love language.
talking about my week and how it’s been tough. and not hearing about hers. shortly after striking me as selfish on her part. but maybe not.
me not reaching out a super lot more sort of passive — it’s her responsibility because she knows i want to talk.
i guess saturday initiating a FaceTime.
bitter about the fact that she can cold call me but i can’t do the same to her.
power in this relationship. how staying at tanya’s was the best power move.
i don’t feel supported now. and to think of cruel you were to me when i didn’t support you.
anxiety as i think of the next idea but that’s kind of bs because i have ideas and the bad ones are okay because everything is art.
the latest like: blackbox installation to get people to use. and some sort of writing tool where there is feedback. something editing what you’re saying.
‘i’m just not going to even move near you
pattern of — wanting alisse to adapt to me for once. because i do a lot of that.
does she even appreciate how much of that i’ve done
listening to me talk about my tough week and no ‘aw’ or baby baby

not enough comm
resentful over our fight and other fights

spending time in waiting room yesterday for lasik starting are.na account and it’s interesting but - maybe because of coffee prior (at barismo, which, btw has great coffee and is super close) too restless to be effective

oh today too restless to be effective but then a hiit workout and cooking and cleaning and shower and — *human*.

sometimes my ideas for new portfolio projects feel too narrow and similar — but — not a bad thing. because i am not in arts community. and i do a few things (write journal datavis etc). and the fact that i can extrapolate the way i do means i am something like an artist.

oh right the appearance stuff. freaking out over balding, analyzing everyone’s balding patterns. but like. i’m fine.
and then anytime seeing someone with a long face sort of studying and — scrutinizing — but, also looping for hope that they are pretty because i want to be pretty. a slight freakout over hairline, dispelled through photographic analysis. and then some selfies and i look *okay* like okay you can look at my face and focus on what i’m saying and not be distracted by my face but i wanna be cute enough to be secure and to be secure with alisse.
maybe a little bit of progress tho.

really positive comment from beth wales about how i am truly one of the most amazing people she has ever worked with.

not wanting to write because i’m too scattered or something but like dude this is the time to write.

to alisse: how is that you don’t need any validation? ‘i used to’. just have to love yourself.

have not napped in a while

12-11

post session debrief in other doc.
coming home last night and the same non motivation i’ve felt as of late. but then getting a call from alisse. chatting and face timing. telling me night love over text later. listening to me talk about my work. encouraging me saying ‘sounds like a good start!’.

12-12

did some dumb shit today
and some productive shit
and then got a breath of air
damn that shit
feels good

12-17

therapy things in therapy diary

and spent lunch bitching about nick mostly with lauren. from different angles.

this is me.
sometimes i’m skinny and sometimes i’m less skinny.
i have a skinny & long face. most of the time, i don’t like it. a couple of days ago though, it looked okay. nice maybe. not just in one selective mirror or angle. like it just looked okay.
i worry a lot.
but my life is good.
i do not focus on the good things. i focus on my skinny face.
i focus on whether my girlfriend loves me.
whether she has called me enough this week
not that i have anything to talk about
but i require maintenance

write more.
when you have a stomachache, do yoga.
when you are insecure, write.
when you are restless. massage yourself. get a message.

marrakesh. egypt. these things await.

picturing SF life. vs LA life. yea i should probablyy move there.

12-18
—
today.
home and. warm up. then. bam. workout. 14 min warm up. 24 min circuits. panting. throw things on, half ass cook. cover on, stay heated. shower. emerge. like food, steamy. a union, in my tummy.

past few days, unable to sleep. mind racing. caffeine or just me? i think mainly me. too much background noise. insecurities. previously the balding thing which is ridiculous. and also alisse, resentment, anger over not giving me enough attention. a time like this, could use meditation.

worries dissipating. too tiring. stomachache. and all this work. why add this? it’s unnecessary? give relationship some amount of attention. but not too much.

feeling better now. more focused at work. and workout. bam bam. good. i’m good. stop worrying. alisse is not my life. she is not. i am my life.

12-19
—
desire to create

12-21
—
i don’t feel like a priority to you
i just don’t
thinking about how alisse doesn’t care
and then she calls so maybe she cares
and i guess it’s the first opportunity
i need more i want more
make time for me
schedule a time
why am i just the slots in your day

ending phone call saying maybe we can find a time to talk tomorrow. and i say late afternoon onward works best. she clings to late afternoon. like ‘late afternoon - when i’m at the farmer’s market’? like okay not then. sorry i asked to schedule a time. she didn’t like scheduling a time. restrictive. or something.

what’s confusing to me is if you really want me and want to be with me then this is okay and i can adjust. but it just doesn’t seem believable when you treat me like this

telling me about trip to joshua tree on the weekend and thinking like you barely make any time for me

a plan of: showing less love. no weakness. have fun in person. break up.

and now amidst all this anger weirdly fighting the urge to text back an apology or a meaningless ‘hope you have fun with grandma’ or something like that.

other thoughts today — i guess feeling myself in work capacity and like why even go to grad school 3 years can become like some woo woo manager type thing director i don’t know. and then watching sorry to bother you and checking myself.

she’s being so affectionate when texting lately so what’s the problem. hi yu this morning. and a bunch of photos. and i guess calling me in the one break she had.
i can choose to be optimistic.
and like should i smoke but no my throat is an awful state 400 degree butternut squash directly into digestive tract.

what do i do about this texting thing.

checking Facebook why am i wasting my time

okay that was that feeling - that feeling of insecurity. i felt it. which means.

do i need to apologize. problem is if i do alisse will never see why i felt bad.
but:
•	probably should not have been so passive aggressive / sad on the phone ** that is true
•	alisse was actually nice and fun
•	i’ve been feeling a little disconnected from you lately. not like in a super bad way — just wishing we could talk on the phone for longer. and that when we do talk i am taking up your time. we should talk about this at some point, but  haven’t wanted to tell you that cause..idk. not sure how
•	you’re doing that thing where you express big feelings right before i go **That’s not okay
•	she’s been super affectionate lately
•	i guess she’s showing me love
•	here i am adapting to her
•	is there any other way
•	i have more flexible criteria for who i can be with

all of these factors add up to me apologizing add up to alisse getting power add up to me continuing to be frustrated and upset. need either no apology or caveat where i say hi sorry for stalling the phone call.

hey hope you’re having a lovely time with grandma

2018-12-26
—
travels and post travels
—

12-27
--
reflect write and write and reflect
it's time to do that wise me tells other me. other me: staring at the coffee. eating soggy sesame pretzel in egyptair business lounge. exclusive wifi. okay. stop making fun of da homeland.
my arabic.
it's coming back.
from now on: only watch arabic shows. read arabic books.

switching from: ultra comfy black pants to new stretch uniqlo jeans w/ drawstring (dream come tru). switching to contacts because face looks better like that.
cnn on the tv
some people addressing me in 3araby, others in english.
a sudden insecurity (stop using the word insecurity) about this.
listening to: buddy.

okay alisse stuff. has been positive. and more love as she has more space (in hawaii, at home). positive things:
- calling me before flight. and just talking more frequently as she's home.
- on christmas 'wish you were here' for christmas dinner
- 'have a lovely flight. talk to u soon love'. love you with upside down smiley face.
- really happy i watched/enjoyed game of thrones
- 'ultimate cutie' after sending photo of boxers (which she requested)
- oh and the biggest: discussing work convo with nick about working remotely. how he was a little disappointed but also committed to supporting me / we'll make it work. not ideal for them. and alisse ackknowledging how i'm valued, and that's cool. and how she's happy that i'm prob moving to california.

how relationship problems arise and dissipate internally. like: listening to esther perel. therapy session podcast. and evoking hard times with alisse.
somewhat set on moving to oakland. seems a lot more fun.
deciding to just care less about alisse and relationship. which creates a healthy distance. easy when i think of cultural barriers.
i'm glad alisse is like doing something prestigious b/c otherwise would be insecure about whether she's with me for my occupation and stuff.
a couple of 'second thought' thoughts about grad school because damn i can be ru ru running shit in arcadia. how i can clearly criticize nick / see what he's doing wrong.
i guess i would feel a lot of pressure too if alisse straight up moved for me. would i?

maybe i should focus on my appearance in therapy
