the strategy goes like
take control
be confident


first
-
check in, hey you still good to talk tomorrow?

tomorrow
-
normal convo
hey - (its been a few days now and)
i have a lot on my mind, and i want to say some things.
firstly, i obviously i know ive fucked up, and ive really let you down. and that youre still angry with me. it must be hard to not to carry that resentment, and also just thinking about that. i feel for oyu.
i really want to make sure that were on the path to (stabilizing), and that im able to do everything i can do to be better to you and be the best partner for you. --and also: i wanna see you soon, and this isnt something that i can just resolve, but i wanna just have fun with you and show you much i love you. i just kind of want to level with you and like honestly
i wanna be honest all tell you that:
(tell you about my week in the context of us) ive been working hard to be better at supporting. i do feel that youve kind of been more detached, and thats understandable, but its making it harder for me to know where youre at emotionally, and support you. it feels to me like, that maybe you dont want me to talk to you. ive felt really nervous about saying the right things about
it would be helpful for me. i want to smother you with love, but i think its seen as like im trying to make a statement. you hear where youre at? and i want to talk this through

 focused on supporting you
 not like myself
 nervous
 need to know where youre at

(something about being healthy)

your feelings > hope for us > my feelings

9-4

when things with alisse feel okay, hopeful, i light up. like today at work. some positive messages. like playful sort of. and i feel good. but then: the fact that she is not saying she loves me. that she ended the last call saying i care about you a lot. it hurts. it fucking hurts.

over and over, playing the next conversation with her. how im oscillating between positive energy: knowing i can make things better. at negative: see above. now, negative taking over.

i dont i guess she wants to see me still

respect yourself.




blasting (9-17)

now, feeling a creative energy
throughout day, feeling slightly sad, distracted at thought of alisse wanting to break up
the worst parts: regret about how i acted saturday
but now: i feel calm. collected. motivated.
may making me feel less bad about sat night. not all me. like: she could have tried more to listen to me. and i did feel abused. the right thing to do, would have been to leave it all behind. and bring it up at a time when were not so exhausted.
learning about myself:
 i am extremely conciliatory

how alisse feels.


--
this week:
 blast more music
 work work workout
 start thatdamn portfolio
 design some shit


9-18

continuing to be rational but small spouts of anxiety here and there
thinking a lot (particularly after talking to may) about how i need to assert myself more. how absence of that has hurt me. made it hard for her to see my viewpoint. given her a lot of power.
how: this is normal relationship stuff. transitions. kind of extreme. but like, shouldnt give on it.
how: i have made progress. shes judging progress arbitrarily.
the concept of work. putting in work. maybe obsessing over that too much, i think her thinking of stress.
optimism and how we love each other and be together and the stress will logically be less once we clarity.
what started this
how this process has revealed a lot of our tendencies
from me: you need better emotional support. respect for your space. trust in your love. withhold sadness when trying to communicate emotions?
if we break it down this way we can determine is it worth it?
from you: i need expectations (how frequently to talk etc, what it will be like when i visit you). i need to feel included in your med school life. to be open with me. to be a bit more forward when expressing when emotions.
what makes me confident: we have had very few conversations about this
intuitively i think - i would so down to do those things for you and to commit to being better at that.
--
why do you feel accused?

full history:
should i revisit last week? maybe? went like
friday some nice texts but no i love you (as i get delayed, calling me bibi baby etc, relaying my flight patterns to everyone).
saturday angry with me upon arrival. some tender hugs & sex. hike (talking about me and my ambitions and thats nice). then beach. phoebes later, home, feeling distant.
sunday: i think..working for some of day. venice/ice cream at night. hanging is okay but dont feel loved.
monday or tues: me crying at night. her mean, unsympathetic.
tues: going into day like maybe i should end this. coming back from class, sushi dinner. alisse excited about classwork. going on run. leaving, coming back (while i am cooking) and all of a sudden: affectionate. hugging me tightly before bed.
wednesday i think dinner. her at class mostly, and then making dinner. positive during the day, except when mentioning the talk and her getting stressed out. waiting to talk. crying. alisse slightly more sympathetic and seeing that i do indeed love her.
thursday  during the day, walking with tanya. going crazy, conversations with alisse out loud. crying in car. so much pain. me, more calm eventually. dinner just me and her: either cooking or going out. a talk eventually at night. her like: you fix this. kind of saying that shell help out a little (be available for questions). thats all i asked for. and then hooking up.
friday: relatively nice during day. morning, nice. doing things, cooking. and then feeling a flip when i get flowers. like just a light kiss. and during dinner her super distant / not introducing me to anyone. and then: the fight. sleeping at tanyas.
saturday: crazy turbulent during the day. then nice conversation. alisse finally saying i love you on her own. really nice time at the getty. fight at night tho.
sunday: okay mood. both of us exhausted. rational conversation at the end, and  a break.

talk on saturday.
> why didnt i come back after she kicked me out?
>

other thoughts -
like how vashty would maybe appreciate my recounting of crazy week / see opportunity for self growth

9-20

i tell myself: write, pour your thoughts, empty them, then you can go on a walk

thinking today about. well i dont know if thinking critically so much as continuing to have imaginary conversations. not sure really any new revelations since yesterday. last night: reading alisses cards and like damn she really loves me. scouring for the birthday card but cant find. found the other two from past month: lil card from seattle (i am filled with joy when i think about us) and cute cute card when i had my day off (you are so smart and strong and dont let these weirdos get in your way). like damn i love that girl.

thinking about: like long-term things. and the fact that even if we wanna work this out. i have to move soon.
some sadness realizing that alisse may just not want to continue
and.. idk walk time
that i actually was making progress in supporting her and she wasnt seeing it (**)

deciding: lift, get muscles now.

short hair, dont like my face

9/20
--
i imagine now and like yea maybe shell want to work things out. but moving out etc. i dont know. maybe its not the right time. maybe this wont be a fulfilling relationship. i dont need the time but i need the love.

stopping by work drink thing hi bye

dinner w trisha, friend from wesleyan (rachel) and her coworker. she okay honestly. categorized/judged by me as new england white girl. her story of transferring from connecticut college, in detail. trisha's relationship issues. nice to have company but really not feeling the veggie galaxy / diner vibe. and this feeling building up of: these are not my people. how, that wesleyan crew i'm down for when alisse is around. see the best in them. and now like eh these aren't my people. i mean trisha a homiebut i don't know.
meeting w casey and delphine at liquor store. back to my house, drinking bottle of wine. baby joint. talking about. things. tesla and being a factory worker there.factory talk. apple too. and foxcon, this enormous factory complex that hires seasonal workers for different tech companies. how phones are assembled manually largely. power structures n things. casey's new pickup truck and california.

9/21 (writing 9/22)

work from home. because sleeping late, waking late. cm issue meeting and my patience wearing thin. screenshare with joe previous day and...patience wearing thin. channeling: overall frustration, but also recent realization that i do not like conflict, that i compromise -- and combating with assertion. it feels. bad. maybe. being less open. and this is a good trait. but when conversation gets circular. when i have listened to other person and they have not listened to me -- and when, i am the decision maker, i need to override. end. move on. with joe: this is circular. we are going for a certain ui quality. period. implement it how you want. so much complaining about how hard these styles are to re-use. you can make reuable components man. i don't know. understand that here are constraints and that we are working within them.

taking nap and deciding: no more work. balling but too windy. and me a little too stiff from lifting. so then off to gym. giving casey car keys.

then bbq at night. usual wholesome crew: jackie, brant, aaron, jacob, graham, two other engineers, casey + delph, harvard grad (destiny, sahar, bryan, other british guy). overall, a comforting night with 'deep' (maybe too many) conversations. kind of chilling small talking. jackie walks in and asks how i've been. delving into relationship issues.jackie talking about what she's learned about attachment styles. doesn't really apply to alisse. i mean: the way she wanted me to show her grand love does. but the overall tendencies of her in the past (to trust me, not need reassurance) does not follow. she does not have attachment issues really. describing then: how she's treated me. jackie totally with me on how painful that is. and how weird it is that nothing like this has ever happened.but also understanding how alisse was upset. anyway blah blah the only thing that does add up really as causes for fueling this fire are
1) her not being able to take criticism
2) being tired at reassuring me
3) me not standing up for myself / her not seeing progress i've made
4) me not standing up for myself / her seeing my need for reassurance as petty and taking up more space and
5) more ambiguous: something else going on w her. maybe: wanting to explore being bi (maybe not?). maybe:
--
6) her not seeing my viewpoint / not letting me express that
7) her not expressing her viewpoint (because stress stress stress).
--
okay let's abstract this. from the causes to the patterns. one level less deep.
1) alisse not seeing my viewpoint
2) alisse not expressing herself
3) me continuing to fuck up..

talking to jackie also about religion. how losing it makes her feel a sense of emptiness. and to others who grew up non religiously as to whether it is easier to make meaning (since not losing something). me ending (mentally) with conflusion that: yes, if you abandon everything religion gave you then you will be truly lost. but not all of it is bad. take it as a starting point for developing your own framework.
other questions: what makes you feel manly (from destiny). how often do you shave your balls. things things things. how do people interact and socialize and where i fit in the world and things i am thinking, thinking aobut..

9/22

writing retro now. at tamper and kind of crowded. realizing now that this is big tufts spot.
lots of sleep last night. good, covering sleep deficit. recovering recovering. slow morning with: yoga. cooking. shower.

nose piercing?

progress of thoughts:
- immediately: relief, and a need to work on myself/catch up on work. anxiety going away.
- initially: continuing to blame myself for that saturday argument, but also understanding that i did have a legit viewpoint.
- 'these are just standard relationship issues'
- super motivated to work on myself.
- anger at alisse for the way she treated me. that she handled this super irrationally and that she should never treat me this way. that i should be with someone who treats me like this. that she made me play this game of winning her love. that she held back affection and took advantage of how far i would go for her.
- still motivated to work on myself but some sadness at things with alisse. realizing that maybe it won't work out.
now, understanding that: our relationship should not be categorized as stress. that this situation resulted from: a lack of communication, constantly overstepping missed expectations/being upset with the other, feedback loops. and that, we can make this work.


to alisse i want to communicate:
--

the investment in her and why i needed so much reassurance

--categorizing this conflict--
repeating above: a lack of communication, constantly overstepping missed expectations/being upset with the other, feedback loops. and that, that is the stress. you are not the stress, and i am not. we can make each other feel so good.
that we are both going through transitions. that we haven't been challenged in this way and that we've responded to the challenge poorly.
we haven't communicated very much.
we were in a good place.

context: investment, transitions. and you also going through hard stuff.

the question we started the break at: i want to be with you, but this is stressful. my answer: there are reasons why this has been stressful. we can address them and work on them.

i don't think it's productive to think of this as: i want to be with you, but will this be stressful? i think that we can break down the stress and understand what we each need, whether we can make it work for each other. and if we don't respect those things (within some understanding that there will be missteps) then the answer is there.
me -- i have been doing things for her. i am compassionate, i care, and i can change for myself and for someone i care about. i am smart and sensitive. that i want this to work. i don't play games.i am a good partner in a lot of ways, and can be a better one.
moving forward we need to think about:


how to convey above to alisse while also getting her feelings. guiding conversation without dominating. a bit more forward with expression emotions.

expectations and to feel included. opening up.
you need support and space

9-26

morning. not feeling good. because although i care little about hearing from alisse, i do still care. last night. a good night snap. reciprocated with a good night snap. thats cool i suppose. but no saving my snaps lately. noyou look cute. okay whatever not a big deal thats fine. but other things: calling me mid-day - i thought to say, but instead to ask, somewhatpanicked / accusingly where herwhitecoat is (i folded all her clothes). whatever. next reply to my text asking where she found it (3pm) came at 10. im explaining my day, mentioned dreary weather, and her just sayingsorry the weather isnt good!. that too not a big deal, atleast shes sympathetic. but then mentioningoh boston, this is your life now. depressing, thank you forconfirming. and then asking if im sleeping, and just giving agood night!. peppering insleep well. waiting for me to say i love you? i dont know. whatever.
do not care. zero expectations. do not care. only way i will get out of this.
plan is: no changes. woo her next visit. then break up at the end.

night.
what to get from therapy.

what ive done today.
a lot of work. a lot of managerial tasks. sucked into doing painful tasks so i can have nice day tomorrow instead ofstarting portfolio. trap! there is always painful work and tasks. but workextremely managerial/meeting-driven lately. almost 10 and check checking slack.
deciding: do not smoke weed tonight. not even one puff wonder. because: not anxious, not sad. use it then.
talking to jackie about using it therapeutic purpose. how even it make not make you feel happy, does make you take yourself less seriously, and not be so bogged down (me not like phrase) by problems.
work until 9 and then shuffling about and preparing things fortomorrow (incl. clothing). whatsapp mama a bit.

but back to therapy question.

structure today:
 past week
? the rest of break: friend was on town, mostly off it.
? day off: didnt receive a message. so i sent a message.
? wefacetimed. talked about weeks initially. then about how break was. for her, a short answer: was wavering about us. i guess i found it easier to focus.
? i talked about how this is a transition and this was difficult for both of us. that theres a learning curve. and the past month has really sucked. that weve had very few meaningful conversations about this.
? she did mention that she felt like i should have been her rock, and that i wasnt there for her during this transition. that she instead was supporting me and that was taking energy from her.
? the conversation ended up being focused on whether i can handle dating a doctor. as in: the lack of affection and time. the fact that this is not just now, but many many years. that i would have to follow her around eventually.
? in the past, i have required a lot of validation from her. i basically made my case andconvinced. i told her that i can adapt. there are many times when ..
? i also told her that: if you dont see long term potential in me, then we shouldnt do this.
? i need better expectations
? she said: what expectations do you want to set this week? wedidnt set anything clear. she said: i would like to see a photo of something youre doing. she asked me if it would be okay to call in the middle of the day.
? for that night, it felt nice. getting affection. saying im cute.
? since then, sparse texts. mostinitiated by me. no particular attention.
? i did have doubts just one day after. which was probably too early.
? later this week, feeling silly for convincing her to be with me and adapting to her.
? i dont know if thats a function of me being a willing partner. or if she doesnt wanna be with me and im having to fight for it.
? the difficulty here is that: she has some doubts over whether we will work and its primarily around support and communication. thats why im pushing forthis relationship.
? and also that we can talk and be on the same page and feel good
? and that i want to move to california
? her actions are telling me that. and i dont think she knows that. i dont think shes really thought about this very hard. andthat its easy enough to leave me hanging.
? maybe, a very positive interpretation. is that i agreed to basically adapting to little communication. and that the expectation we set werent clear. andthat i havent asked her of much. and shes been distant in myinterpretation but thats hasnt held up
? that she knows im there
? i also feel like ive yielded so much power in this relationship.
 strategize
? difficult to let go when the spark is there
? how to communicate. my goal is to be with her sort of.
? torn over doing small things to set the stage vs giving her more power
? how can i gain clarity on how she feels about our relationship? these conversations saturating.
? the reality of long distance in the situation im in
 emphasize quickly friends leaving here, transition period for me
 5 min onalissesperspective
 feeling
? lonely, sometimes
? frustrated for having yielded somuch power in this relationship
? like im being dragged along
 maybe next time try to step out of the bounds of this relationship a bit

im afraid of:
 winter
 being lonely
my personal goals
 work on my portfolio, do my own creative work
 tone down work to 40 hours per week
 feel confident (style, creativity, other things)
 refine plan to move?



la

writing 1-20
{

1-17
flying out to LA. bidco meeting in the afternoon. uninspiring. preppy white guy with faint eyebrows leading APG side. why did this resonate? i don't know. get home, hop to flight. travel / packing / clean before travel / indecisiveness when packing
on flight. half of it, work. revising style guide. referral mgmt screens = hot. some sleep. then tv: curb your enthusiasm. easy to watch. no music, headphone adapter broken. half-asleep, negative ruminations. alisse not picking me up from airport. and still not enough about me moving.
arriving.
in car. affectionate. happy. home: exchanging gifts. chilling.
sex, a little awkward.

1-18


1-19

early wake up. alisse to volunteering at mobile clinic. me to: processing js day. fascinating stuff.
in melrose: nose piercing!
dinner w phoebe: kazu nori.
party at night. lots of dancing. funny dancing.

1-20

8pm. walked outside just now. for walk, and for chocolate chips. brown butter chocolate chip cookies.
on the walk: imagined talk with alisse. how i feel some clarity regarding moving stuff.
i do.
this is not a research project. ultimately this decision will relate to my priorities. work, grad school, relationship. i will go to sf this weekend. and most likely: i will dig SF. and then i compare to LA. i am not going to base this decision on how much i like each place. on things like coffee shop concentration and walkability. vs alisse. it's too difficult to weigh these two things. and i think there's this additional constraint that: more long distance, and i will feel disconnected. i may feel fulfilled in my life in other ways.
>> so: do we want to do this do this relationship?

more grad school research. lazy / should be working on work instead. need to have 10 solid projects!

}

1-23

LA. sitting in Cava. sandwiched between people, tuning in and out. relationship. bros having fun. and group of 3, chatting about mutual friends. lots of piercings, colored hair. observing. and of course, watching hairlines too.
yesterday at torrance. alisse shadowing doc. me, coffee shop w vibes. some space. thinking. and on ride back, initiating a positive conversation about how there is no rush w moving, and that i will no longer conflate her caring with her thinking through this. proud of myself and all. a positive convo. how alisse was frustrated with me for being sad and not telling her. made her less attracted to me (hence no sex for 3 days).
a couple days before: talking about moving. alisse worried about being my support system. overwhelmed. not sure if shell give what i need. agreeing, somewhat absent mindedly with this last. she cries but doesnt want to be comforted. i guess she does care.
today: frustrated with things that are left unsaid, lingering. like how that convo was all me adapting to her once again. but: alisses natural tendency is to not admit shes wrong. i need to *know what i want* *i need to call her out. the things left unsaid: how i feel disconnected sometimes and want facetime, how time with me sometimes feels like it is being weighed but not like that w med school friends. i guess thats all. but replaying negative scenarios in my head. thats the issue. how im flying out and stuff and alisse is doing nothing special. things like that. not problems. but things i would do. expecting them back.
better hangouts w phoebe this time.
regarding move:
 fantasize about sf. do not fantasize about LA.
 how i think about this as long distance w my friends or long distance w my girlfriend. kind of. i guess less of a direct pull to see friends, and more of an imposition when i stay.
 sf life while in relationship might not be so bad. but feeling silly that alisse wants me to inch towards her. and what about the two more years of long distance after.
 the reality that long distance  with ft once per week, with often absent minded texts, will not work well for me. that maybe if she is super super set on you go to sf i should end it.
 but also living in sf might be nice. and i still like alisse and can maybe see where it goes. *but i need something*. split 50/50 visits. more facetime. more something.
 she has said she definitely wants to be with me for the next year

things i need to do:
 with argument or confrontation. take accountability and apologize like you do. but: think, what do i want in this situation. advocate for myself. and ask alisse if she can provide that, or why she didnt.
keep getting upset with alisse for not taking my approach and being exceptionally apologetic and considerate. thats not her and its never been her and it doesnt mean she doesnt care. *tell her what i want*.

we good. things are good. so chill. do i need to bring up this: need your attention stuff? or just bring it up when i need her attention.

positive things
 love yous. affection.
 better time with med school friends.

damn i think about this relationship way too much.

okay other things dma breakfast tomorrow thinking about that lots.

la people are chill here i kinda get the vibes.

stop thinking about this relationship. my goals, is all i care about. thats all.

okay that was kinda therapeutic

1-21

now, espresso profeta. dead laptop and no outlet. hard to wake up this morning. mini tummy ache (gone post coffee > poop).
meeting with ahp in the morning. now, awaiting dma meetup w ben.

some resentment maybe at alisse not massaging me as hard as i massaged her, getting sleepy and stuff.

1-26

nearing end of trip. in oakland now. walking around neighborhood. more gridlike, flat (bikable) than expected. much diff from SF. kinda quiet. some artsy spaces (architecture forms, galleries, snippets of conversations related to creative projects). cheap coworking space. would def live here over SF.
imagining living here. freelance sort of life. similar to that summer in brooklyn. exciting, disorienting, slightly lonely.
but now i have a partner. it doesnt seem too change much. about this decision. maybe it should.
mental space, when alone, occupied by: imagining living in oak, la, mission. what about here. observing people and jumping to conclusions because thats what i need to make this decision.
a series of essays on identity, about being arab american.
i guess tech is my medium because its accessible. crosses the sort of art stereotype that ive been veered away. but i can use it in unexpected way. begin to make you question lines of discipline and expectation.
okay a writing project where you have floating text detailing everything about someone.
good artist statement stuff.
back to empty space. imaginary conversations with alisse, of course. about moving. not positive. i know that giving her space is the right thing to do and sort of brings her closer. and so i will do that. practically tactically. but internally: i cannot make the move for her. when she does not want it badly. and i love her and i want to be close to her but also family. not ready for all that commitment. but the alternative is: long distance. and then grad school and likely more long distance. i guess grad school would put as at more equal footing. places in life, effort dedicated to relationship. and thats good. but also more disconnected. likely to dissolve. i cant end it now tho. too painful. keep exploring it. but do not commit to someone who is not committed to you.
~~snippet of imaginary conversation. since when have you been such a strong support system for me? we facetime for 30 min a week. casual texts. i do my own thing. ive never been clingy. but somehow its still stressful to have me near you...

more myself here with ahmed, as compared to morocco. less passive, more animated. huh. i suppose a bit more grounded in this country,

later:

meeting with coco

colin in chilling w emma and may. how people watching, from emma's perspective, is gross. i get it. because she has been watched like an object. how to respectfully people watch?.
his recent trips.



1-27 (sf > bos)
--

airplane. forced writing. because: a little tired. mind drifting. don't want to read or watch or break the cycle (of thoughts). the cycle is comfortable. it is a space. a negative space. but one that feels comfortable and natural right now.
mountains and water as we ascend.

my nose piercing falling out this morning. re-installing. okay.

morning: packing up at hersh's. shower, and some stretches. philz coffee. i like this coffee shop. vibes. nearby, lady and guy talking about some sort of community event and where to draw the line at accommodating all sorts of people.

listening to deerhunter and imagining deerhunter lead. recalling his asexuality, awkwardness.

cycle of thoughts. right now. all about alisse. and her commitment to me. my decision, sort of made. i like oakland. it's dope. if alisse decides that our relationship is important enough to explore, and that she wants to grow with me. then i should live in la. otherwise: oakland is better. but also otherwise: maybe end this. or talk about whether alisse wants to try to give me these things: more welcoming into med school life, more frequent communication.

precipitated largely by 'you too! <3' in response to 'i love you'. by thinking about how alisse didn't want to hook up a few times. whenever she senses negativity. i don't know maybe she wanted condensed typing. a little tipsy, maybe crossed, last night, and almost crying. no tears but maybe some wetness. hands on eyes. in bed. adding 'kinda miss u' text, not expecting anything. i mean i don't know maybe because she's sleeping and can only text from computer. but -- knowing i'll get nothing back. and. i don't know. sad. do you love me. are you having doubts about me.

the neutral and positive things: this is not the first time alisse has said 'you too' in response when not angry with me. but: very few times. and also, has been said in response when angry with me. and like: no anger, i think, now. two i love yous right before leaving. and warmth. and overall: texts kind of positive. calling me boop and stuff. saying i look good. i don't know.
anyway. she needs space. give her space. also saying 'wish i can scoop granola into u'. weird and cute. should have made granola for u. 'you are a yummer'. and lots of affection before trip. and like during too. i don't know.

cycles:

how you feel about me:
- 'you expect me to be positive, and trusting. and only bring that energy. but you don't give me what i need to feel that way.'
relationship comparisons:
- listening to james blakes' new album about love - how his partner sacrifices for him and everything. comparing to this relationship and like wha what am i getting.
- and then also: rosa (ruba's friend). how her bf comes 2x/month. she wants him to move, but understands job and stuff. how he kind of only need your partner. how she's committed to hers. stuff like that.
- how you text phoebe all the time but not me.
how i can't imagine you doing much for me.
- like when you considered throwing away my suitcase -- maybe because under the impression that it's broken (can choose for this to be the focus, and be positive). like okay a nuisance. but i brought it because of *your stuff*. how you're reluctant to bring it to nyc. and also how there's a mattress in your room that you don't mind storying.
- what if i moved? can i throw my stuff at your place. can i stay with you until i figure it out? would you be okay with it?
how now, on the plane
(doing the thing where love from a few days ago, a few weeks ago, is invalid now. even tho nothing concrete happened)
--
tactically, practically:
again, summarize. my approach to this decision is made. if: alisse feels overwhelmed, if both of us decide this relationship is still in an 'exploratory' phase. then oakland. because i like oakland better. perks of la (diversity, weather sort of) with walkability of sf. freelance community. am i open to moving to LA after oakland for a while? 'try it out'. taking a step back after moving to LA seems like -- no going back.
remember doubts about family. and about her: that she doesn't give me enough communication, intimacy, cannot take criticism. has never really adapted to what i want. how she treats me when angry with me. our way of handling conflicts: and how i am overly empathetic. do not advocate for myself. you do not advocate for me. this is bad for my mental health.
to me this decision comes down to: how much do we value this relationship.
i guess, positively, she needs to know

>> how to handle myself until we have this conversation. like. don't bring it up. don't tell her about oakland. or do? because it's a process. but just like objectively. i guess saying i like it = her feeling more pressure for keeping me away from that.
--

my hair is poofier and better now. will look better longer.

--
should i make a list of positive things now?
okay. we're getting relationship piercings. alisse excited about that. lots of hand holding. kisses. i love you. hearts in the morning. i don't want you to leave today. it's too early.
i guess it's a possibility that she doesn't want to hear about how great my time was at the bay. unlikely tho. cannot imagine.
how alisse cried when i indicated she might not be able to give me what i need.
how it was a lot better with alisse's friends. not necessarily because she went out of her way to make me welcome. but i guess not feeling as weird as around me. dancing w her at the mini party. how she showed innana and emma pictures of my travels. innana knew about my hair. how: innana is excited for me to be away (jokingly) because more time with alisse.
how alisse wants to go to coachella with me

-
intellectual questions about love.
- would extreme love always manifest in wanting to talk to me more? over long distance. or could you simultaneously love, be busy, and not want to talk.
- when to make the decision on where something is going..i don't know

--


1-31 post la

dripping

today in therapy like feeling progress and life going places. exploring. wanting to explore this relationship.

3-11-2019

have not written in many x days
now, in bed. after an episode of maniac.
i guess: i can watch tv so eyes are okay
but mood like: no work. guilt when not working.
laziness. is what you can call this i suppose.
i think tired: drinking / going out / smoking / trying to recover.

left eye is blurry.
what did i sign up for - this procedure.
more complicated, fluctuating than expected.
momentum of work off.
but also: in between. alisse visiting. socializing. out every weekend

this weekend.
thinking of alisses bday.
katsu queen wordpress? or jekyll.
and material things. or experience.
like a coachella gift?
small things ive heard about her.
a nice card. comic of alisse as superhero.
a baked thing. >> what baked thing.
clothing.
maybe a plant thing.
new glasses + restaurant
what did alisse get me last year? pecan pie. dinner. gen sou en. a card maybe too.
funny jokes. things. small things. what are small things.

in bed. last night. kept up by conversation with alisse.
about needing more conversation.
regaining power in this relationship. apathy.
vs
caring, asking for more attention.
healthy approach maybe not the best approach?

a turning point. in therapy.
from: blaming myself, to deciding who i am. what i need.
deciding who i am is still arbitrary.
but: needed to advocate for yourself.
so simple: the self must exist to advocate for the self.
how this clearly exists at work. deciding to form a self of ambitions.
not so much in relationships.
but i know what i value and my tendency (intimacy) is aligned with that and so  *i need that* in a relationship

loops as i explain this to alisse and she is: not supportive. or: i just restate. over and over.
state it firmly.
the self exists, advocate for it.
i will defend this omar person.

out saturday night. dance dance.
a slight paranoia of whether im directing too much attention to teresa.
but dancing mostly.
faded.
splitting off. home, and siavash, yahya await.
*lots* of ice cream before bed.
siavash, out early in the morning. yahya: some conversation first. parmida & history with her. 
recalling: previous conversation of how yahyas sexual interests (race, ethnicity, type, etc) have shifted quite a lot. dwelling on this.

sunday night. dinner. im mostly quiet. i think: smoking before, not helping. trisha, glasses breaking. conversations? i dont even know about what. just like. weed break until coachella. thats one month.

that h2 size in cm redesign is too large.
